NCT02735707

        platform inclusion criteria :

        1. adult patients admitted to an icu for severe cap within 48 hours of hospital admission
        with: i. symptoms or signs or both that are consistent with lower respiratory tract
        infection and ii. radiological evidence of new onset consolidation (in patients with
        pre-existing radiological changes, evidence of new infiltrate) 2. requiring organ support
        with one or more of: i. non-invasive ii. invasive ventilatory support; iii. receiving
        infusion of vasopressor or inotropes

        platform exclusion criteria:

          1. healthcare-associated pneumonia:

             i. prior to this illness, has been an inpatient in any healthcare facility within the
             last 30 days ii. resident of a nursing home or long term care facility

          2. death is deemed to be imminent or inevitable admission within the next 24 hours and
             one or more of the patient, substitute decision maker or attending physician are not
             committed to full active treatment

          3. previous participation in this remap within the last 90 days

        domain-specific eligible criteria:

        each domain may have additional eligibility criteria. refer to the study website for more
        information (www.remapcap.org).
      


NCT03331445

        inclusion criteria:

          -  written informed consent.

          -  has been previously diagnosed with ntm, burkholderia spp and aspergillus spp. or
             corona-like viral infection:

               1. ntm, burkholderia spp and aspergillus spp defined as positive culture(s) of at
                  least one species of mycobacterium avium complex (mac) or mycobacterium abscessus
                  complex (mabscor burkholderia spp and aspergillus spp) or corona-like viral
                  infection:

               2. history of repeatedly positive cultures (2 or more), irregardless of therapy

          -  male or female ≥14 years of age.

          -  female not pregnant at time of study.

          -  has an fev1 ≥ 30 % of predicted. c. suspected corona-like viral infection

          -  oxygen saturation on room air >92% at screening.

             a. able to breathe without supplemental oxygen for 60 minutes

          -  non-smoker for at least 6 months prior to screening and agrees not to smoke during the
             study.

          -  willing and able to comply with the treatment schedule and procedures.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  use of an investigational drug within 30 days of screening

          -  history of frequent epistaxis (>1 episode/month)

          -  significant hemoptysis within 30 days (≥ 5 ml of blood in one coughing episode or > 30
             ml of blood in a 24 hour period)

          -  history of reactive pulmonary vascular hypertension

          -  methemoglobin >3% at screening

          -  liver function insufficiency (alt/ ast >3 of normal values)

          -  hemoglobin <11 g/dl

          -  thrombocytopenia (platelet count <100,000/mm3) at screening

          -  prothrombin time international ratio (inr) > 1.3 at screening

          -  changes to antibiotics (e.g. azithromycin) from 7 days prior to screening through last
             treatment day. (subjects may be taking antibiotics or antivirals during this time
             period, but they cannot start, stop or change doses during this time period)

          -  on supplemental oxygen during gno treatment (sao2 < 90% for 50 minutes while resting
             in a chair).

          -  for women of child bearing potential:

               1. positive pregnancy test at screening or

               2. lactating or

               3. unwilling to practice a medically acceptable form of contraception from screening
                  to day 36 (acceptable forms of contraception: abstinence, hormonal birth control,
                  intrauterine device, or barrier method plus a spermicidal agent)

          -  presence of a condition or abnormality that in the opinion of the investigator would
             compromise the safety of the patient or the quality of the data.
      


NCT03680274

        inclusion criteria:

          1. admitted to the intensive care unit with proven or suspected infection as the main
             diagnosis;

          2. currently treated with a continuous iv infusion of vasopressors (norepinephrine,
             epinephrine, vasopressin, dopamine, phenylephrine).

        exclusion criteria:

          1. > 24 hours of intensive care unit admission;

          2. known glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (g6pd) deficiency;

          3. pregnancy;

          4. known allergy to vitamin c;

          5. known kidney stones within the past 1 year;

          6. received any intravenous vitamin c during this hospitalization unless incorporated in
             parenteral nutrition;

          7. expected death or withdrawal of life-sustaining treatments within 48 hours;

          8. previously enrolled in this study;

          9. previously enrolled in a trial with which co-enrolment is not allowed.

        the lovit trial has broad eligibility criteria and includes patients with a primary
        diagnosis of sepsis (including sepsis caused by viral pathogens as covid-19).
      


NCT03808922

        inclusion criteria:

          1. at the time of randomization, requires supplemental oxygen ≥2 lpm due to hypoxemia.
             hypoxemia can be defined by meeting at least one of the following criteria:

               -  spo2 <92% on or off supplemental oxygen

               -  respiratory failure necessitating mechanical or non-invasive ventilation (cpap or
                  bi-pap)

               -  written declaration from investigator that subject is clinically hypoxemic and
                  removal of oxygen supplementation would not be considered clinically appropriate
                  for the purpose of measuring spo2 while on room air

          2. immunocompromised, as defined by one or more of the following:

               -  received an autologous or allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation
                  (hsct) at any time in the past

               -  received a solid organ transplant at any time in the past

               -  has been or is currently being treated with chemotherapy for hematologic
                  malignancies (e.g., leukemia, myeloma, lymphoma) and/or solid tumor malignancies
                  (e.g., lung, breast, brain cancer) at any time in the past

               -  has an immunodeficiency due to congenital abnormality (only applicable to
                  subjects age < 18 years old) or pre-term birth (only applicable to subjects age ≤
                  2 years old)

          3. has, within 3 days prior to randomization, a confirmed lrti with a sialic acid
             dependent respiratory virus

          4. if female, subject must meet one of the following conditions:

               -  not be of childbearing potential or

               -  be of childbearing potential and have a negative urine/serum pregnancy test and
                  agrees to practice an acceptable method of contraception

          5. non-vasectomized males are required to practice effective birth control methods

          6. capable of understanding and complying with procedures as outlined in the protocol

          7. provides signed informed consent prior to the initiation of any screening or
             study-specific procedures

        for covid-19 sub study:

          1. be ≥18 years of age

          2. provide adequate medical history to permit accurate stratification (but health status
             may be healthy, high-risk conditions, or immunocompromised).

          3. prior to sars cov 2 infection, has the ability to carry out self-care activities of
             daily living (basic adl)

          4. have lower respiratory tract infection (lrti) confirmed by ct imaging, with or without
             contrast, to involve at least 2 lobes of the lung.

          5. has laboratory-confirmation of the presence of sars cov 2 in the respiratory tract by
             at least one of the following samples

          6. satisfy inclusion criteria #1, 4, 5, 6, 7 of the main study

        exclusion criteria:

          1. subjects may not be on hospice care or, in the opinion of the investigator, have a low
             chance of survival during the first 10 days of treatment

          2. subjects with alanine aminotransferase (alt), aspartate aminotransferase (ast), or
             alkaline phosphatase (alp) ≥3x uln and total bilirubin (tbili) ≥2x uln note: subjects
             with alt/ast/alp ≥ 3x uln and tb ≥2x uln that have been chronically stable (for >1
             year on more than one assessments) due to known liver pathology including malignancy
             (primary or metastasis), chronic medications, transplantation, or chronic infection
             will not be excluded

          3. female subjects breastfeeding or planning to breastfeed at any time through 30 days
             after the last dose of study drug

          4. subjects taking any other investigational drug used to treat pulmonary infection.

          5. psychiatric or cognitive illness or recreational drug/alcohol use that, in the opinion
             of the principal investigator, would affect subject safety and/or compliance

          6. subjects with known hypersensitivity to das181 and/or any of its components

          7. subjects with severe sepsis due to either their baseline sad-rv infection or a
             concurrent viral, bacterial, or fungal infection and meet at least one of the
             following criteria:

               -  has evidence of vital organ failure outside of the lung (e.g., liver, kidney)

               -  requires vasopressors to maintain blood pressure

        for covid-19 sub study:

          1. subjects requiring invasive mechanical, bi-pap or cpap ventilation at randomization.

          2. subjects receiving any other investigational or empiric treatment for sars-2-cov
             (either as part of a clinical trial or under emergency approval (approved agents for
             the management of symptoms, e.g., fever, are permitted).

          3. subjects who are known hiv-positive (and not undetectable at most recent hiv rna
             assessment)

          4. subjects who are currently taking immunomodulating biologics (e.g, interferons,
             interleukin)

          5. subjects with severe sepsis due to either their sars-cov-2 infection or a concurrent
             viral, bacterial, or fungal infection and meeting at least one of the following
             criteria:

               -  have evidence of vital organ failure outside of the lung (e.g., liver, kidney)

               -  require vasopressors to maintain blood pressure

          6. subjects meeting exclusion criteria #2, 3, 5 and 6 of the main study
      


NCT04244591

        inclusion criteria:

          -  adult

          -  pcr confirmed noval coronavirus infection

          -  symptoms developed more than 7 days

          -  pao2/fio2 < 200 mmhg

          -  positive pressure ventilation (non-invasive or invasive) or high flow nasal cannula
             (hfnc) higher than 45 l/min for less than 48 hours

          -  requiring icu admission

        exclusion criteria:

          -  pregnancy;

          -  patients currently taking corticosteroids (cumulative 400 mg prednisone or
             equivalent);

          -  severe underlying disease, i.e. end stage of malignancy disease or end stage of
             pulmonary disease;

          -  severe adverse events before icu admission, i.e. cardiac arrest;

          -  underlying disease requiring corticosteroids;

          -  contraindication for corticosteroids;

          -  recruited in other clinical intervention trial
      


NCT04251871

        inclusion criteria:

          -  confirmed 2019-ncov infection case in term of laboratory evidence;

          -  80 years ≥ age ≥ 14years;

          -  within 72 hours after the onset of abnormalities shown by chest radiology or several
             symptoms (fever and cough).

        exclusion criteria:

          -  age < 14 years or > 80 years;

          -  pregnant or lactating female;

          -  one of the following items occurred at the enrollment: (i) respiratory failure
             necessitating mechanical ventilation; (ii) liver failure: total bilirubin ≥ 10mg/dl
             and/or severe coagulation disorders; (iii) renal function failure: although adequate
             circulating blood and cardiac output, urine ≤ 0.5ml/kg·h, cr or bun ≥ 1.5 times normal
             elevation;

          -  intake of chinese medicinal herbs during the past 2 weeks;

          -  refused to sign an informed consent form prior to study participation;

          -  unwilling and unable to comply with protocol request.
      


NCT04252274

        inclusion criteria:

          -  the participants were diagnosed as pneumonia caused by 2019-ncov, according to the
             notice on printing and distributing the diagnosis and treatment plan of pneumonia with
             new coronavirus infection (trial version 4 or update version) made by national health
             commission of the people's republic of china.

          -  written the informed consent

        exclusion criteria:

          -  hypersensitivity to darunavir, colibrestat, or any excipients

          -  patients with severe liver injury (child-pugh class c)

          -  concomitant medications that are highly dependent on cyp3a clearance, and the elevated
             plasma concentrations are associated with serious or life-threatening events.

          -  subjects were considered to be unable to complete the study, or not suitable for the
             study by researchers

        exit criteria:

          -  subjects asked to withdraw the study

          -  subject will benefit if withdraw according to researchers' suggestions
      


NCT04252664

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age ≥18 years at time of signing informed consent form

          2. laboratory (rt-pcr) confirmed infection with 2019-ncov.

          3. lung involvement confirmed with chest imaging

          4. hospitalised with:

               -  fever - ≥36.7℃ -axilla or oral temperature ≥ 38.0 ℃ or ≥38.6°c tympanic or rectal
                  or

               -  and at least one of respiratory rate >24/min or cough

          5. ≤8 days since illness onset

          6. willingness of study participant to accept randomization to any assigned treatment
             arm.

          7. must agree not to enroll in another study of an investigational agent prior to
             completion of day 28 of study.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. physician makes a decision that trial involvement is not in patients' best interest,
             or any condition that does not allow the protocol to be followed safely.

          2. severe liver disease (e.g. child pugh score ≥ c, ast>5 times upper limit)

          3. sao2/spo2≤94% in room air condition, or the pa02/fi02 ratio <300mghg

          4. known allergic reaction to remdesivir

          5. patients with known severe renal impairment (estimated glomerular filtration rate ≤30
             ml/min/1.73 m2) or receiving continuous renal replacement therapy, hemodialysis,
             peritoneal dialysis

          6. pregnant or breastfeeding, or positive pregnancy test in a predose examination

          7. will be transferred to another hospital which is not the study site within 72 hours.

          8. receipt of any experimental treatment for 2019-ncov (off-label, compassionate use, or
             trial related) within the 30 days prior to the time of the screening evaluation.
      


NCT04254874

        inclusion criteria:

        1)2019-ncov nucleic acid test was positive. 2)ct of the lung conformed to the manifestation
        of viral pneumonia.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. patients who meet any of the contraindications in the experimental drug labeling

          2. patients who do not want to participate in this clinical study
      


NCT04255017

        inclusion criteria:

          1. 2019-ncov nucleic acid test was positive.

          2. ct of the lung conformed to the manifestation of viral pneumonia.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. patients who meet any of the contraindications in the experimental drug labeling

          2. patients who do not want to participate in this clinical study
      


NCT04257656

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age ≥18 years at time of signing informed consent form

          2. laboratory (rt-pcr) confirmed infection with 2019-ncov.

          3. lung involvement confirmed with chest imaging

          4. hospitalized with a sao2/spo2≤94% on room air or pa02/fi02 ratio <300mghg

          5. ≤12 days since illness onset

          6. willingness of study participant to accept randomization to any assigned treatment
             arm.

          7. must agree not to enroll in another study of an investigational agent prior to
             completion of day 28 of study.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. physician makes a decision that trial involvement is not in patients' best interest,
             or any condition that does not allow the protocol to be followed safely.

          2. severe liver disease (e.g. child pugh score ≥ c, ast>5 times upper limit)

          3. pregnant or breastfeeding, or positive pregnancy test in a predose examination

          4. patients with known severe renal impairment (estimated glomerular filtration rate ≤30
             ml/min/1.73 m2) or receiving continuous renal replacement therapy, hemodialysis,
             peritoneal dialysis

          5. will be transferred to another hospital which is not the study site within 72 hours.

          6. receipt of any experimental treatment for 2019-ncov (off-label, compassionate use, or
             trial related) within the 30 days prior to the time of the screening evaluation.
      


NCT04260594

        inclusion criteria:

          1. sign the informed consent form;

          2. age ≥18 years, regardless of gender;

          3. subjects with pneumonia diagnosed as 2019-ncov infection; a) detection of 2019-ncov
             nucleic acid positive by rt-pcr in respiratory tract or blood samples.

             b) the virus gene sequence of respiratory tract or blood samples is highly homologous
             to the known 2019-ncov.

          4. according to the standard of "pneumonia diagnosis and treatment program of new
             coronavirus infection (trial fifth edition)" issued by national health commission of
             the people's republic of china, clinical classification: mild, ordinary subjects; a)
             mild type, the clinical symptoms were mild and no pneumonia was found in imaging.

        b) common type, with fever, respiratory tract and other symptoms, the manifestations of
        pneumonia can be seen on imaging.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. critical type:

             if one of the following conditions is met:

             a) respiratory failure occurs and mechanical ventilation is needed; b) shock occurred;
             c) patients with other organ failure need icu monitoring treatment.

          2. severe type:

             if one of the following conditions is met:

             a) respiratory distress, rr ≥ 30 beats / min; b) in resting state, finger oxygen
             saturation (sao2) ≤ 93%; c) partial pressure of arterial oxygen (pao2) / concentration
             of oxygen inhaled (fio2)≤300mmhg）

          3. those who have a history of allergy to this class of drugs and / or severe allergic
             constitution;

          4. the results of laboratory tests are abnormal:

             a) hematological dysfunction is defined as:

             i) platelet (plt) count: ＜100 × 109 / l; ii) hemoglobin (hb) level ＜90g/l.

             b) abnormal liver function is defined as:

             i) level of total bilirubin(tbil) : ＞2 times upper limits of normal(uln); ii) the
             levels of aspartate aminotransferase (ast) and alanine transaminase (alt)：＞3 times of
             uln.

             c) definition of renal dysfunction:

             serum creatinine＞1.5 times of uln, or calculated creatinine clearance＜50ml / min;

             d) definition of abnormal blood coagulation:

             international normalized ratio(inr) ＞1.5 times of uln, and the prothrombin time ((pt))
             or activated partial thromboplastin time (aptt) is 1.5 times of uln, unless the
             subject is receiving anticoagulant therapy.

          5. abidor was used before inclusion(tablets, capsules, granules).

          6. women who are nursing or pregnant.

          7. serum or urine pregnancy tests were positive for women of child-bearing age.

          8. immunodeficient patient(patients with malignant tumors, organ or bone marrow
             transplant, hiv patient, those who took immunosuppressive drugs within 3 months before
             the screening test ).

          9. with the following history of present illness:

               1. neurological and neurodevelopmental disorders, these include diseases of the
                  brain, spinal cord, peripheral nerves and muscles(such as cerebral palsy,
                  epilepsy, stroke, mental retardation, moderate to severe developmental delay,
                  muscular malnutrition or spinal cord injury ).

               2. circulation system disease( congenital heart disease, congestive heart failure or
                  coronary artery disease).

               3. severe heart disease or a history of clinically significant arrhythmias that the
                  researchers believe will affect participants' safety (according to the ecg or
                  medical history).

         10. other patients considered ineligible for this study were considered ineligible by the
             investigators
      


NCT04261270

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age:18~55 years old, unlimited gender.

          2. laboratory (rt-pcr) confirmed infection with 2019-ncov and accompanied with clinical
             manifestations.

          3. patients with newly diagnosed respiratory discomfort who have been hospitalized (the
             proper diagnosis time is less than 7 days).

          4. women who have no planned pregnancy in the next six months,and are willing to take
             effective measures to prevent contraception from the first dose of study drug to 30
             days after the last dose.

          5. agree not to participate in other clinical studies within 30 days from the first dose
             of the study drug to the last dose.

          6. patients who voluntarily sign informed consent forms.

        exclusion criteria:

        1.2019-ncov severe pneumonia patients.

        meet the definition of severe pneumonia(comply with any of the followings):

          1. respiratory distress ,rr≥30 bpm;

          2. in a resting state:spo2≤93%;

          3. pao2/ fio2≤300mmhg.

             2.2019-ncov critical and severe pneumonia patients.comply with any of the
             followings:respiratory failure and need mechanical ventilation;shock;patients combined
             with other organ failure need icu monitoring and treatment.

             3.severe liver disease(such as:the childpugh score≥c;ast > 5 times the upper limit).

             4.patients who are allergic to the ingredients of asc09/ritonavir compound tablets.

             5.patients with definite contraindications in ritonavir tablets.

             6.female subjects were positive for the pregnancy test during the screening period.

             7.researcher judges unsuitable for participation in this clinical trial(such as:during
             the study patients may be transferred to hospital for treatment;patients with multiple
             underlying diseases, etc)
      


NCT04261426

        inclusion criteria:

          -  adult aged >=18years old;

          -  laboratory (rt-pcr) confirmed 2019-ncov infection in throat swab and/or sputum and/or
             lower respiratory tract samples;

          -  the interval between the onset of symptoms and randomized is within 7 days. the onset
             of symptoms is mainly based on fever. if there is no fever, cough or other related
             symptoms can be used;

          -  meet any of the following criteria for severe or critical ill conditions:

               1. respiratory rate >=30/min; or

               2. rest spo2<=90%; or

               3. pao2/fio2<=300mmhg; or

               4. respiratory failure and needs mechanical ventilation; or

               5. shock occurs; or

               6. multiple organ failure and needs icu monitoring;

          -  sign the informed consent form on a voluntary basis.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  exist of other evidences that can explain pneumonia including but not limited to:

        influenza a virus, influenza b virus, bacterial pneumonia, fungal pneumonia, noninfectious
        causes, etc.;

          -  allergy to intravenous immunoglobulin or its preparation components;

          -  patients with selective iga deficiency

          -  women who are pregnant or breast-feeding;

          -  researchers consider unsuitable.
      


NCT04261517

        inclusion criteria:

          -  the participants were diagnosed as pneumonia caused by 2019-ncov, according to the
             notice on printing and distributing the diagnosis and treatment plan of pneumonia with
             new coronavirus infection (trial version 4 or update version) made by national health
             commission of the people's republic of china;

          -  participants aged over 18;

          -  written the informed consent.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  hypersensitivity to chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine;

          -  women during pregnancy;

          -  severe heart, lung, kidney, brain, blood diseases or other important systemic
             diseases;

          -  participants with retinal disease, hearing loss;

          -  participants with severe neurological and mental illness;

          -  subjects were considered to be unable to complete the study, or not suitable for the
             study by researchers.

        exit criteria:

          -  subjects asked to withdraw the study

          -  subject will benefit if withdraw according to researchers' suggestions
      


NCT04261907

        inclusion criteria:

          -  1. aged between 18 and 75 years, extremes included, male or female

          -  2. laboratory (rt-pcr) and clinical symptoms confirmed case of 2019-ncov pneumonia,
             according to the official guideline "pneumonia diagnosis and treatment scheme for
             novel coronavirus infection (trial version 5)"

          -  3. hospitalised with a new onset respiratory illness (≤7 days since illness onset)

          -  4. no family planning within six months, and agree to take effective contraceptive
             measures throughout the study and for at least 30 days after the final study drug dose

          -  5. must agree not to enroll in another study of an investigational agent prior to
             completion of day 30 of study

          -  6. informed consent form (icf) signed voluntarily

        exclusion criteria:

          -  1. severe 2019-ncov pneumonia met one of the following criteria: respiratory distress,
             rr ≥ 30 times / min, or sao2 / spo2 ≤ 93% in resting state, or arterial partial
             pressure of oxygen (pao2) /concentration of oxygen (fio2) ≤ 300mmhg (1mmhg = 0.133kpa)

          -  2. critical severe 2019-ncov pneumonia met one of the following criteria: respiratory
             failure and mechanical ventilation required, or shock, or combined with other organ
             failure required icu monitoring treatment

          -  3. severe liver disease (e.g. child pugh score ≥ c, ast > 5 times upper limit)

          -  4. known allergic reaction to any of components of asc09 / ritonavir compound tablets

          -  5. patients with definite contraindications in the label of ritonavir

          -  6. positive serum pregnancy test result for women with childbearing potential at
             screening

          -  7. using hiv protease inhibitor drugs

          -  8. not suitable for the study, in the opinion of the investigator (e.g. patient may be
             transferred to another hospital during the study period, patient with multiple basic
             diseases, etc.)
      


NCT04263402

        inclusion criteria:

        1.meet the definition of severe pneumonia(comply with any of the followings):

          1. shortness of breath,rr≥30 bpm;

          2. in a resting state:spo2≤93%;

          3. pao2/fio2≤300mmhg.

        2.2019-ncov nucleic acid test was positive.

        3.ct of the lung conformed to the manifestation of viral pneumonia.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. dying state (i.e. survival time is less than 24 hours);

          2. progressive malignant tumor with life expectancy less than 6 months;

          3. immunosuppressive status(patients using immunosuppressants or chemotherapeutic drugs)

          4. underlying diseases requiring long-term glucocorticoid treatment in the past 6 months
             or short-term glucocorticoid therapy in the past 4 weeks;

          5. pregnancy

          6. patients with glucocorticoid taboos
      


NCT04264533

        inclusion criteria:

          1. ≥ 18 years old;

          2. diagnosed as serious or critical sari (according to the 4th version of diagnosis and
             clinical management of 2019-ncov infected pneumonia);

          3. being treated in the icu.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. allergic to vitamin c;

          2. dyspnea due to cardiogenic pulmonary edema;

          3. pregnant or breastfeeding;

          4. expected life is less than 24 hours;

          5. there is a state of tracheotomy or home oxygen therapy in the past;

          6. previously complicated with end-stage lung disease, end-stage malignancy,
             glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency, diabetic ketoacidosis, and active kidney
             stone disease;

          7. the patient participates in another clinical trial at the same time.
      


NCT04264858

        inclusion criteria:

          1. volunteers who have understood and signed the informed consent;

          2. age ≥18 years, gender unlimited;

          3. patients diagnosed with acute severe 2019-ncov pneumonia:

               1. laboratory (rt-pcr) confirmed infection with 2019-ncov.

               2. lung involvement confirmed with pulmonary ct scan.

               3. at least one of the following conditions should be met: respiratory distress, rr
                  ≥ 30 times/min; oxygen saturation ≤ 93% in resting state; pao2/fio2 ≤ 300mmhg;
                  respiratory failure and mechanical ventilation are required; shock occurs; icu
                  monitoring and treatment is required in combination with other organ failure.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. viral pneumonia with other viruses besides 2019-ncov.

          2. patients are not suitable for immunoglobulin therapy.

          3. participation in other studies.

          4. other circumstances in which the investigator determined that the patient is not
             suitable for the clinical trial.
      


NCT04268537

        inclusion criteria:

          1. adult sari patients with 2019-ncov infection confirmed by pcr;

          2. absolute value of lymphocytes < 0. 6x 109/l;

          3. severe respiratory failure within 48 hours and requires admission to icu. (severe
             respiratory failure was defined as pao2/fio2 < 200 mmhg and was supported by positive
             pressure mechanical ventilation (including non-invasive and invasive mechanical
             ventilation, peep>=5cmh2o))

        exclusion criteria:

          1. age < 18

          2. pregnant

          3. allergic to experimental drugs

          4. the underlying disease is very serious and the expected survival time is less than 6
             months (such as advanced malignant tumor);

          5. copd or end-stage lung disease requires home oxygen therapy

          6. expected survival time not exceeding 48 hours

          7. participated in other clinical intervention trials within the last 3 months

          8. autoimmune diseases

          9. a history of organ, bone marrow or hematopoietic stem cell transplantation 10.
             received radiotherapy and chemotherapy for malignant tumor within 6 months

        11.hiv infected patients or diagnosed with acquired immunodeficiency within the past year
        (cd4 t cells <=200/mm3) 12. patients receiving anti-hcv treatment 13.90 days of retinal
        detachment or eye surgery 14. permanent blindness in one eye 15. history of iritis,
        endophthalmitis, scleral inflammation or retinitis 16. the competent physician considered
        it inappropriate to participate in the study
      


NCT04273321

        inclusion criteria:

          -  age more than 18 years old

          -  accord with the clinical diagnosis and/ or etiological diagnosis diagnostic criteria
             of novel coronavirus pneumonia (covid-19).

          -  admitted in the general wards

          -  be able to sign informed consent

        exclusion criteria:

          -  severe immunosuppression (hiv infection, long-term use of immunosuppressive agents

          -  pregnant or lactation period women

          -  glucocorticoids are needed for other diseases

          -  unwilling or unable to participate or complete the study

          -  participate in other study
      


NCT04273529

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age ≥18 years;

          2. laboratory (rt-pcr) diagnosis of common patients infected with covid-19 (refer to the
             fifth edition of the chinese guidelines for diagnosis and treatment);

          3. chest imaging confirmed lung damage;

          4. the diagnosis is less than or equal to 8 days;

        exclusion criteria:

          1. severe liver disease (such as child pugh score ≥ c, ast> 5 times the upper limit);
             severe renal dysfunction (the glomerulus is 30ml / min / 1.73m2 or less)

          2. positive pregnancy or breastfeeding or pregnancy test;

          3. in the 30 days before the screening assessment, have taken any experimental treatment
             drugs for covid-19 (including off-label, informed consent use or trial-related);

          4. those with a history of thromboembolism, except for those caused by picc.
      


NCT04273581

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age ≥18 years;

          2. the laboratory (rt-pcr) confirmed the diagnosis of severe patients infected with
             covid-19 (refer to the fifth edition of the chinese diagnosis and treatment guideline
             for trial); the diagnosis of new coronavirus pneumonia was confirmed, and any of the
             following: 1) respiratory distress, breathing ≥30 beats / min; 2) in the resting
             state, the oxygen saturation is ≤93%; 3) arterial blood oxygen partial pressure /
             oxygen concentration ≤300mmhg

          3. the diagnosis is less than or equal to 12 days;

        exclusion criteria:

          1. severe liver disease (such as child pugh score ≥ c, ast> 5 times the upper limit);
             severe renal dysfunction (the glomerulus is 30ml / min / 1.73m2 or less)

          2. pregnancy or breastfeeding or positive pregnancy test;

          3. in the 30 days before the screening assessment, have taken any experimental treatment
             drugs for covid-19 (including off-label, informed consent use or trial-related);

          4. those with a history of thromboembolism, except for those caused by picc.
      


NCT04273646

        inclusion criteria:

          1. ct image is characteristic of viral pneumonia;

          2. 2019-ncov infection (positive nucleic acid test) is confirmed by pathogenic test;

          3. in compliance with the 2019-ncov infection severe pneumonia diagnosis standard
             (according to the novel coronavirus infection pneumonia diagnosis and treatment
             program (trial implementation version 5) issued by the national health and medical
             commission, and who 2019 new coronavirus guidelines standards). it is severe if it
             meets any of the following: (a) increased breathing rate (≥30 beats / min), difficulty
             breathing, cyanosis of the lips; (b) when inhaling, means oxygen saturation ≤93%; (c)
             partial pressure of arterial oxygen (pao2) / fraction of inspired oxygen (fio2) ≤300
             mmhg (1mmhg = 0.133kpa);

          4. 18 years old ≤ age ≤ 65 years old, regardless of gender;

          5. the patient or legal donor agrees to participate in the study and signs the informed
             consent.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. patients with severe allergies or allergies to stem cell preparations and their
             components;

          2. patients with serious basic diseases that affect survival, including: blood diseases,
             cachexia, active bleeding, severe malnutrition, etc .;

          3. patients with pulmonary obstructive pneumonia, severe pulmonary interstitial fibrosis,
             alveolar proteinosis, allergic alveolitis, and other known viral pneumonia or
             bacterial pneumonia;

          4. continuous use of immunosuppressive agents or organ transplants in the past 6 months;

          5. in vitro life support (ecmo, ecco2r, rrt);

          6. expected deaths within 48 hours, uncontrolled infections;

          7. patients with malignant blood-borne diseases such as hiv or syphilis;

          8. patient with pregnancy, are planning to become pregnant or breastfeeding;

          9. patients with poor compliance and unable to complete the full study;

         10. the investigator determines that there may be increased risk of the subject or other
             conditions that interfere with the clinical trial and the judgment of the results
             (such as excessive stress, sensitivity or cognitive impairment, etc.);

         11. there are other situations that the researchers think are not suitable to participate
             in this clinical study.
      


NCT04273763

        inclusion criteria:

          -  aged between 18 and 80 years (including 18and 80years, male or female).

          -  one of them:

               1. laboratory (rt-pcr) and clinical symptoms confirmed case of novel coronavirus
                  pneumonia (covid-19).

               2. patients diagnosed clinically as suspected cases.

          -  ability to communicate well with researchers and sign the informed consent form (icf)
             voluntarily.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  alt≥5 times of uln, level of total bilirubin≥3 times of uln, or cr≥1.5 times of uln.

          -  patients with serious severe liver disease.

          -  excluded who diagnosed as pneumonia patients with novel coronavirus infection of
             severe type and critical type. 【diagnostic criteria reference the official guideline
             "pneumonia diagnosis and treatment scheme for novel coronavirus infection (trial
             version 5) "】.

          -  patients with previous history of severe gastrointestinal diseases such as gastric
             ulcers and bleeding.

          -  patients with lactose intolerance.

          -  patients who are allergic to the components of this medicine (major components:
             bromhexine hydrochloride; excipient: starch, lactose, magnesium stearate).

          -  positive serum pregnancy test result for women with childbearing potential at
             screening or lactating women.

          -  other circumstances that the researcher considers inappropriate to participate in this
             study.
      


NCT04275245

        inclusion criteria:

          -  men and women aged 18 to 75 years (inclusive)

          -  in line with the new coronavirus infection pneumonia diagnosis and treatment plan
             (trial version 4) issued by the health commission, patients with new coronavirus (2019
             ncov) pneumonia were clinically diagnosed;

          -  the subjects must be able to understand the study and willing to participate in the
             study, and sign the informed consent (if the subjects with no behavioral ability think
             it is in their own interests to participate in the test, they should sign the informed
             consent by their legal guardian, or notify the consent by phone (recording) and
             explain it in the original medical record and other relevant documents).

        exclusion criteria:

          -  known or expected to have allergic reactions or a history of allergy to any of the
             ingredients treated in this trial;

          -  in the judgment of the investigator, there are other reasons that the patient is not
             suitable to participate in this study.
      


NCT04275388

        inclusion criteria:

          1. aged between 18 and 70 years, extremes included, male or female

          2. fever (armpit temperature ≥37.3 ° c, or mouth temperature ≥38.0 ° c, or anal or ear
             temperature ≥38.6 ° c) ≤7 days according to the official guideline "pneumonia
             diagnosis and treatment scheme for novel coronavirus infection (trial version 5)"

          3. laboratory test (rt-pcr) confirms infection 2019-ncov

          4. no previous or experimental treatment for pneumonia associated with a novel
             coronavirus infection. patients who have been treated with proprietary chinese
             medicines or lopinavir / ritonavir tablets for less than 3 days can be enrolled

          5. informed consent form (icf) signed voluntarily

          6. based on the investigator's judgment, the subject / legal guardian is considered
             reliable and able to comply with this program, visit plan and medication arrangement

        exclusion criteria:

          1. suffer from diseases that need to be distinguished from new coronavirus infection
             pneumonia, such as tuberculosis, bacterial or viral pneumonia other than new
             coronavirus pneumonia, hospital-acquired pneumonia, and other pathogenic
             microorganisms pneumonia;

          2. patients with basic diseases such as primary immunodeficiency disease, acquired
             immunodeficiency syndrome, congenital respiratory malformations, abnormal lung
             development, aspiration pneumonia, lung malignant tumors, etc .;

          3. researchers have judged that previous or current diseases may affect patients'
             participation in the trial or influence the outcome of the study, including: malignant
             disease, autoimmune disease, liver and kidney disease, blood disease, neurological
             disease, and endocrine disease; currently suffering from diseases that seriously
             affect the immune system, such as: human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) infection, or
             the blood system, or splenectomy, organ transplantation, etc .;

          4. subjects with: asthma requiring daily treatment, any other chronic respiratory
             disease, respiratory bacterial infections such as purulent tonsillitis, acute
             tracheobronchitis, sinusitis, otitis media, and other respiratory tracts that affect
             clinical trial evaluation disease: chest ct confirmed patients with basic lung
             diseases such as severe interstitial lung disease and bronchiectasis;

          5. patients diagnosed with severe, critically recurrent coronavirus infection, pneumonia,
             or need mechanical ventilation or need systemic antihormonal treatment;

          6. breastfeeding or pregnancy test result is positive during the screening period or
             test;

          7. the research drug xiyanping injection or a drug with similar efficacy (see prohibition
             of medication) has been used for more than 3 days during screening.

          8. allergic constitution (persons who are allergic to more than 2 kinds of substances),
             people who are allergic to similar drugs in the past or those who are known to be
             allergic to the ingredients and auxiliary materials in the test drugs;

          9. patients who have participated in other clinical trials in the past 3 months;

         10. the investigator determines that it is not appropriate to participate in a clinical
             trial.
      


NCT04275414

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age 18 to 80.

          2. confirmed covid-19 diagnosis(including the clinically confirmed cases in hubei).

          3. accord with any of the following: ① respiratory distress, rr ≥ 30 breaths/min; ② spo2
             ≤ 93% at rest; ③ partial arterial oxygen pressure (pao2) / fraction of inspiration o2
             (fio2) ≤ 300mmhg (1mmhg = 0.133kpa).

          4. chest imaging confirms lung involvement and has inflammatory exudation or pleural
             effusion.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. cannot obtain informed consent.

          2. severe hepatic dysfunction (child pugh score ≥ c, or ast> 5 times the upper limit);
             severe renal dysfunction (estimated glomerular filtration rate ≤ 30ml / min / 1.73 m2)
             or receive continuous renal replacement therapy, hemodialysis, or peritoneal dialysis.

          3. unsatisfactory controlled hypertension (seated systolic blood pressure> 160mmhg, or
             diastolic blood pressure> 100mmhg); previous history of hypertension crisis or
             hypertensive encephalopathy.

          4. poorly controlled heart diseases, such as nyha class ii and above cardiac
             insufficiency, unstable angina pectoris, myocardial infarction within 1 year before
             enrollment, supraventricular or ventricular arrhythmia need treatment or intervention.

          5. hereditary bleeding tendency or coagulopathy; received full-dose anticoagulant or
             thrombolytic therapy within10 days before enrollment, or have taken non-steroidal
             anti-inflammatory drugs with platelet suppression within 10 days before enrollment
             (except those who use small doses of aspirin ≤325mg / day for preventive use).

          6. thrombosis within 6 months before enrollment. and from those patients, screen who had
             arterial / venous thromboembolic events, such as, ischemic stroke, transient ischemic
             attack, deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, etc. within 1 year ahead of
             enrollment. severe vascular disease (including aneurysms or arterial thrombosis
             requiring surgery) within 6 months before enrollment.

          7. unhealed wounds, active gastric ulcers or fractures. gastrointestinal perforation,
             gastrointestinal fistula, abdominal abscess, visceral fistula formation within 6
             months before enrollment. major surgery (including preoperative chest biopsy) or major
             trauma (such as a fracture) within 28 days before enrollment. may have surgery during
             the trial.

          8. severe, active bleeding such as hemoptysis, gastrointestinal bleeding, central nervous
             system bleeding, and nosebleeds within 1 month before enrollment.

          9. malignant tumors within 5 years before enrollment.

         10. allergic to bevacizumab or its components.

         11. untreated active hepatitis or hiv-positive patients.

         12. pregnant and lactating women and those planning to get pregnant.

         13. participated in other clinical trials, not considered suitable for this study by the
             researchers.
      


NCT04276688

        inclusion criteria:

          1. recruited subjects include all adult patients ≥18 years hospitalised for virologically
             confirmed 2019-n-cov infection.

          2. news of ≥1 upon recruitment

          3. auditory temperature ≥38°c with at least one of the following symptoms (cough, sputum
             production, sore-throat, nasal discharge, myalgia, headache or fatigue) upon admission

          4. symptom duration ≤10 days

          5. all subjects give written informed consent.

          6. subjects must be available to complete the study and comply with study procedures.
             willingness to allow for serum samples to be stored beyond the study period, for
             potential additional future testing to better characterize immune response.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. inability to comprehend and to follow all required study procedures.

          2. allergy or severe reactions to the study drugs

          3. patients with known prolonged qt or pr interval, second- or third-degree heart block,
             or ventricular cardiac arrhythmias, including torsade de pointes

          4. patients taking medication that will potentially interact with lopinavir/ ritonavir,
             ribavirin or interferon-beta1b

          5. patients with known history of severe depression

          6. pregnant or lactation women

          7. inability to comprehend and to follow all required study procedures

          8. received an experimental agent (vaccine, drug, biologic, device, blood product, or
             medication) within 1 month prior to recruitment in this study or expect to receive an
             experimental agent during this study. unwilling to refuse participation in another
             clinical study through the end of this study.

          9. have a history of alcohol or drug abuse in the last 5 years.

         10. have any condition that the investigator believes may interfere with successful
             completion of the study.
      


NCT04278963

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age ≥18 years at time of signing informed consent form.

          2. laboratory (rt-pcr) confirmed infection with covid-19.

          3. hospitalised with fever(≥36.7℃ -axilla or oral temperature ≥ 38.0 ℃ or ≥38.6°c
             tympanic or rectal) and cough;

          4. no difficulty swallowing oral medications.

          5. must agree not to enroll in another study of an investigational agent prior to
             completion of day 28 of study.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. allergies, known to be allergic to research drugs or drug excipients;

          2. patient weight is less than 40 kg;

          3. respiratory distress-rr≥30 / min on room air,or spo2≤ 93%, or pao2/fio2 ≤300mmhg
             (1mmhg = 0.133kpa)

          4. shock;

          5. the clinician judges that icu monitoring treatment is needed;

          6. patients who have participated in other clinical trials within 1 month;

          7. known patients with impaired renal function (estimated creatinine clearance <60 ml /
             min (male: cr (ml / min) = (140-age) × body weight (kg) / 72 × blood creatinine
             concentration (mg / dl); female: cr (ml / min) = (140-age) × weight (kg) / 85 × blood
             creatinine concentration (mg / dl));

          8. during the screening or within 24 hours before screening, patients were found to have
             any of the following laboratory parameter abnormalities (based on local laboratory
             reference range):-alt or ast level> 5 times the upper limit of normal range (uln)
             or-alt or ast > 3 times uln and total bilirubin levels> 2 times uln;

          9. being pregnant or breastfeeding, or having a positive pregnancy test at the time of
             pre-dose inspection, or planning to become pregnant within 3 months of study
             treatment.
      


NCT04279197

        inclusion criteria:

          -  patients with pulmonary fibrosis after standard treatment of covid-19

          -  age 18-65

          -  2019-ncov nucleic acid negative in respiratory tract or blood samples were detected by
             real-time fluorescence pcr for more than 2 times

          -  the patient did not participant in other drug clinical studies within 1 month.

          -  the patient or the patient's guardian agrees to participate the trial and sign the
             informed consent form

        exclusion criteria:

          -  gestation or lactation period women and women who plan to get pregnant during the
             study period

          -  those who are unable to communicate, such as patients in unconsciousness or with
             dementia, various mental , etc.

          -  severe background disease like severe cardiac insufficiency (cardiac function grade
             iv), severe liver and kidney diseases, bronchial asthma, copd, neurological diseases,
             tumors,etc.

          -  long-term bedridden for various reasons

          -  patient who are allergy to the experimental drug
      


NCT04280588

        inclusion criteria:

          -  the patients who were diagnosed with the common type of ncp (including severe risk
             factors) and severe cases of new coronavirus pneumonia;

          -  aged 18 to 85 years;

          -  patients or authorized family members volunteered to participate in this study and
             signed informed consent.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  patients with any history of bradyarrhythmia or atrioventricular blocks

          -  patients who are participating in other drug clinical trials;

          -  pregnant or lactating women;

          -  alt / ast> 5 uln, neutrophils <0.5, platelets less than 50;

          -  definite diagnosis of rheumatic immune-related diseases;

          -  long-term oral anti-rejection or immunomodulatory drugs;

          -  patients with active pulmonary tuberculosis, with definite bacterial and fungal
             infections.
      


NCT04280705

        inclusion criteria:

          1. admitted to a hospital with symptoms suggestive of covid-19 infection.

          2. subject (or legally authorized representative) provides written informed consent prior
             to initiation of any study procedures.

          3. understands and agrees to comply with planned study procedures.

          4. agrees to the collection of oropharyngeal (op) swabs.

          5. male or non-pregnant female adult > / = 18 years of age at time of enrollment.

          6. has laboratory-confirmed sars-cov-2 infection as determined by polymerase chain
             reaction (pcr) or other commercial or public health assay in any specimen collected <
             72 hours prior to randomization.

             note - 72 hours is not necessarily time from initial diagnosis. if > / = 72 hours
             since positive pcr, the pcr may be repeated to assess eligibility.

          7. illness of any duration, and at least one of the following:

               -  radiographic infiltrates by imaging (chest x-ray, ct scan, etc.), or

               -  clinical assessment (evidence of rales/crackles on exam) and spo2 < / = 94% on
                  room air, or

               -  requiring supplemental oxygen, or

               -  requiring mechanical ventilation.

          8. women of childbearing potential must agree to either abstinence or use at least one
             primary form of contraception not including hormonal contraception from the time of
             screening through day 29.

          9. agrees to not participate in another clinical trial for the treatment of covid-19 or
             sars-cov-2 through day 29.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. alanine transaminase (alt)/aspartate transaminase (ast) > 5 times the upper limit of
             normal.

          2. estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr) < 50 or requiring dialysis.

          3. pregnancy or breast feeding.

          4. anticipated transfer to another hospital which is not a study site within 72 hours.

          5. allergy to any study medication.
      


NCT04285190

        inclusion criteria:

          1. adult male or female patients aged 18-85 years old;

          2. the newly diagnosed covid-19 patients who meet the diagnostic criteria set forth in
             the "guidance of diagnosis and treatment for patients with coronavirus disease 2019
             (covid-19) (procedural version 5 amendment)", issued by the national health commission
             of the people's republic of china on 8 february 2020;

          3. patients whose blood oxygen saturation is not less than 90%.

          4. patients who agree to participate in the study and voluntarily comply with the
             relevant requirements of the study.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. patients with other diseases that may affect, in the opinion of study researchers, the
             implementation of the study or the observation of the efficacy data;

          2. patients with severe coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19), that is based on "guidance
             of diagnosis and treatment for patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19)
             (procedural version 5 amendment)" with respect to the criteria for clinical severity
             classification;

          3. female patients with known pregnancy and in lactation at screening;

          4. patients with previous allergies to t89 or radix salvia miltiorrhizae, radix
             notoginseng and borneol;

          5. any other condition that, in the opinion of the investigator, may affect the conduct
             of the study, reduce compliance or increase the risk of patients.
      


NCT04286503

        inclusion criteria:

          1. subjects or their legal representatives have signed the informed consent form(icf);
             agree not to participate in other clinical studies within 30 days after the last
             administration from the first administration of the study drug.

          2. subjects are aged ≥ 18 and ≤ 75;

          3. meet the diagnostic criteria for 2019-ncov pneumonia (v5.0);

          4. sofa score: 1 ~ 13 points.

          5. a retreated patient or the relapsed patient meets any of the following criteria:

               -  have fever again or aggravated clinical symptoms; ② 2019ncovrna in the throat
                  swabs converts from negative to positive; ③ the clinical symptoms don't improve
                  or 2019ncovrna continues to be positive; ④ the chest ct shows pneumonia or
                  fibrosis progression.

        clinical stratification:

          1. mild type: clinical symptoms mild or asymptomatic, no pneumonia performance in ct, but
             positive 2019-ncov in throat swabs or gargle.

          2. ordinary type: fever, respiratory symptoms, etc., pneumonia performance visible in ct.

          3. severe type: meeting any of the following criteria:

        (1) respiratory distress, rr≥30 times/min; (2) finger oxygen saturation ≤93% in rest state;
        (3) arterial partial pressure of oxygen (pao2)/concentration of oxygen inhalation
        (fio2)≤300mmhg (1mmhg=0.133kpa).

        4. critical type: meeting any of the following criteria:(1)respiratory failure occurs and
        mechanical ventilation is required;(2)patients go into shock;(3)icu is needed for other
        organ failure.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. other viral pneumonia

          2. patients who have received tumor immunotherapy (such as pd-1/l1, ctla4, etc.) in the
             past 1 month, and inflammatory factor modulators such as ulinastatin;

          3. patients who have taken anti-bacterial drugs such as macrolide in the past 1 week;

          4. patients who have received organ transplantation or surgery planning in the past 6
             months;

          5. patients who can't take food or drugs due to coma or intestinal obstruction;

          6. patients who have severe underlying diseases that affects survival, including
             uncontrolled malignant tumor with multiple metastases that cannot be resected, blood
             diseases, dyscrasia, active bleeding, severe malnutrition, etc.

          7. women subjects that are pregnant or lactating, or subjects (including male subjects)
             having a pregnancy plan (including plans for sperm donation or egg donation), or
             subjects that may fail to take effective contraceptive measures within the next 6
             months;

          8. patients with allergic constitution, or patients allergic to macrolides and
             lopinavir/ritonavir tablets;

          9. patients with contraindications to lopinavir/ritonavir tablets who plan or are using
             drugs that interact with the drug (including: drugs that are highly dependent on cyp3a
             clearance and whose elevated plasma concentrations can be associated with severe
             and/or life-threatening events [with a narrow therapeutic index], cyp3a inducer [see
             instruction for details]) and cannot stop using or use other drugs instead;

         10. patients whose alt/ast levels are 5 times higher than the normal upper limit and total
             bilirubin is 3 times higher than the upper limit of normal, or patients with
             child-pugh grade c cirrhosis.

         11. ecls (ecmo, ecco2r, rrt)

         12. critical patients with expected life＜48 hours

         13. patients who have participated in any other clinical study within 1 month;

         14. the investigators conclude that the patients not suitable for the study.
      


NCT04287686

        inclusion criteria:

          1. laboratory diagnosis:

               -  respiratory specimen is positive for sars-cov-2 nucleic acid by rt-pcr; or,

               -  the viral gene sequencing of the respiratory specimen is highly homologous to
                  known novel coronavirus.

          2. fever:

             axillary temperature >37.3℃

          3. respiratory variables (meets one of the following criteria):

               -  respiratory rate: rr ≥25 breaths/min

               -  oxygen saturation ≤93% at rest on room air

               -  pao2/fio2 ≤300 mmhg（1 mmhg=0.133 kpa）

               -  pulmonary imaging showed that the lesions progressed more than 50% within 24-48
                  hours, and the patients were managed as severe

          4. hbsag negative, or hbv dna ≤10^4 copy/ml if hbsag positive; anti-hcv negative; hiv
             negative two weeks prior to signed informed consent form (icf)

          5. appropriate ethics approval and

          6. icf

        exclusion criteria:

          -  age <18 years; age >80 years

          -  pregnant or breast feeding woman or with positive pregnancy test result

          -  p/f <100 mmhg

          -  moribund condition (death likely in days) or not expected to survive for >7 days

          -  refusal by attending md

          -  not hemodynamically stable in the preceding 4 hours (map ≤65 mmhg, or sap <90 mmhg,
             dap <60 mmhg, vasoactive agents are required)

          -  patient on invasive mechanical ventilation or ecmo

          -  patient in other therapeutic clinical trial within 30 days before icf

          -  receive any other ace inhibitors (acei), angiotensin-receptor blockers (arb) treatment
             within 7 days before icf

          -  chronic immunosuppression: current autoimmune diseases or patients who received
             immunotherapy within 30 days before icf

          -  hematologic malignancy (lymphoma, leukemia, multiple myeloma)

          -  other patient characteristics (not thought to be related to underlying covid-19) that
             portend a very poor prognosis (e.g, severe liver failure, and ect)

          -  known allergy to study drug or its ingredients related to renin-angiotensin system
             (ras), or frequent and/or severe allergic reactions with multiple medications

          -  other uncontrolled diseases, as judged by investigators

          -  body weight ≥85 kg
      


NCT04288713

        inclusion criteria:

          -  age 18 or older.

          -  confirmed covid-19 infection

          -  ards

          -  icu patient

        exclusion criteria:

          -  active neisseria infection.

          -  concomitant enrollment in another experimental/off-label immunosuppressive therapy
             trial.
      


NCT04290858

        inclusion criteria:

          1. laboratory confirmed covid19 infection defined with a positive rt-pcr from any
             specimen.

          2. hospital admission with at least one of the following:

               -  fever ≥ 36.6 °c from axillary site; or ≥ 37.2°c from oral site; or ≥ 37.6°c from
                  tympanic or rectal site.

               -  respiratory rate ≥ 24 bpm

               -  cough

          3. spontaneous breathing with or without hypoxia of any degree. gas exchange and
             ventilation maybe assisted by any continuous continuous airway pressure (cpap), or any
             system of non invasive ventilation (niv), with positive end-expiratory pressure (peep)
             ≤ 10 cmh2o.

          4. ≤ 8 days since onset of the symptoms

        exclusion criteria:

          1. pregnancy, or positive pregnancy test in a predose examination

          2. open tracheostomy

          3. therapy with high flow nasal cannula

          4. clinical controindication, as deemed by the attending physician
      


NCT04290871

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age ≥18 years

          2. laboratory (rt-pcr) confirmed infection with 2019-ncov

          3. pao2/fio2 < 300 or spo2 below 93% breathing ambient air

        exclusion criteria:

          1. physician makes a decision that trial involvement is not in the patient's best
             interest, or any condition that does not allow the protocol to be followed safely

          2. pregnant or positive pregnancy test in a pre-dose examination

          3. use of high flow nasal cannula
      


NCT04291053

        inclusion criteria:

          1. aged between 18 and 75 years, extremes included, male or female

          2. patients diagnosed with mild or common type covid-19, according to the official
             guideline "pneumonia diagnosis and treatment scheme for novel coronavirus infection
             (trial version 6)"

          3. patients can generally tolerable for treatment recommended by the official guideline
             "pneumonia diagnosis and treatment scheme for novel coronavirus infection (trial
             version 6)"

          4. patients have not been accompanied by serious physical diseases of heart, lung, brain,
             etc.,eastern cooperative oncology group score standard:0-1

          5. ability to understand and the willingness to sign a written informed consent document.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. female subjects who are pregnant or breastfeeding.

          2. patients who are allergic to this medicine

          3. patients meet the contraindications of huaier granule

          4. patients with diabetes

          5. patients have any condition that in the judgement of the investigators would make the
             subject inappropriate for entry into this study.

          6. patients can't take drugs orally
      


NCT04291729

        inclusion criteria:

          -  aged 18-75 years old;

          -  pneumonia patients with new coronavirus infection were confirmed to be positive by
             rt-pcr and clinical manifestations. the diagnosis standard refers to the diagnosis and
             treatment plan for pneumonia with new coronavirus infection (current trial version);

          -  patients with newly diagnosed respiratory system discomfort who have been hospitalized
             (the diagnosis time of respiratory system discomfort shall not exceed 7 days);

          -  women and their partners who have no planned pregnancy for nearly half a year and are
             willing to take effective contraceptive measures within 30 days from the first
             administration of the study drug to the last administration;

          -  agree not to participate in other clinical research within 30 days from the first
             administration of the study drug to the last administration;

          -  patients who voluntarily sign informed consent.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  the pneumonia patients with severe new coronavirus infection met one of the following
             conditions: respiratory distress, rr >= 30 times / min; or sao2 / spo2 <93% in resting
             state; or arterial partial pressure of oxygen (pao2) / concentration of oxygen (fio2)
             <300mmhg (1mmhg = 0.133kpa);

          -  pneumonia patients with severe new coronavirus infection meet one of the following
             conditions: respiratory failure and need mechanical ventilation; or shock; or other
             organ failure combined with icu monitoring treatment;

          -  severe liver disease (such as child pugh score >=c, ast > 5 times upper limit);

          -  patients with contraindications specified in the instructions of ritonavir tablets;

          -  the pregnancy test of female subjects in the screening period was positive;

          -  the researchers judged that it was not suitable to participate in this clinical trial
             (for example, patients who may be transferred to another hospital during the study
             period; patients with multiple basic diseases, etc.).
      


NCT04292730

        key inclusion criteria:

          -  willing and able to provide written informed consent prior to performing study
             procedures

          -  severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (sars-cov)-2 infection confirmed by
             polymerase chain reaction (pcr) test ≤ 4 days before randomization

          -  currently hospitalized with fever defined as temperature ≥ 36.6 °c armpit, ≥ 37.2 °c
             oral, or ≥ 37.8 °c rectal

          -  peripheral capillary oxygen saturation (spo2) > 94% on room air at screening

          -  radiographic evidence of pulmonary infiltrates

        key exclusion criteria:

          -  participation in any other clinical trial of an experimental treatment for covid-19

          -  concurrent treatment with other agents with actual or possible direct acting antiviral
             activity against sars-cov-2 is prohibited < 24 hours prior to study drug dosing

          -  requiring mechanical ventilation at screening

          -  alanine aminotransferase (alt) or aspartate aminotransferase (ast) > 5 x upper limit
             of normal (uln)

          -  creatinine clearance < 50 ml/min

        note: other protocol defined inclusion/exclusion criteria may apply.
      


NCT04292899

        key inclusion criteria:

          -  willing and able to provide written informed consent prior to performing study
             procedures

          -  severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (sars-cov)-2 infection confirmed by
             polymerase chain reaction (pcr) test ≤ 4 days before randomization

          -  currently hospitalized with fever defined as temperature ≥ 36.6 °c armpit, ≥ 37.2 °c
             oral, or ≥ 37.8 °c rectal

          -  peripheral capillary oxygen saturation (spo2) ≤ 94% on room air at screening

          -  radiographic evidence of pulmonary infiltrates

        key exclusion criteria:

          -  participation in any other clinical trial of an experimental treatment for covid-19

          -  concurrent treatment with other agents with actual or possible direct acting antiviral
             activity against sars-cov-2 is prohibited < 24 hours prior to study drug dosing

          -  evidence of multiorgan failure

          -  requiring mechanical ventilation at screening

          -  alanine aminotransferase (alt) or aspartate aminotransferase (ast) > 5 x upper limit
             of normal (uln)

          -  creatinine clearance < 50 ml/min

        note: other protocol defined inclusion/exclusion criteria may apply.
      


NCT04293887

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age ≥ 18 years;

          2. clinically diagnosed patients with new type of coronavirus pneumonia, including: in
             accordance with the criteria for suspected cases, have one of the following etiology
             evidence:

             ① real-time fluorescence rt-pcr of respiratory specimens or blood specimens for
             detection of new coronavirus nucleic acid;

             ② sequencing of viral genes in respiratory specimens or blood specimens, highly
             homologous to known new coronavirus

          3. the time interval between the onset of symptoms and random enrollment is within 7
             days. the onset of symptoms is mainly based on fever. if there is no fever, cough,
             diarrhea or other related symptoms can be used.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. any situation where the programme cannot be carried out safely;

          2. patients who have used interferon or remedesivir;

          3. no clinical manifestations and chest imaging findings

          4. known allergy or hypersensitivity to interferon (including asthma);

          5. disabled in patients with uncontrolled autoimmune diseases;

          6. patients with severe heart disease, decompensated liver disease, renal insufficiency
             (crcl <50ml / min), and those with abnormal bone marrow function are prohibited;

          7. epilepsy and impaired central nervous system function;

          8. pregnancy: positive pregnancy test for women of childbearing age;

          9. breastfeeding women have not stopped breastfeeding;

         10. the patient may be transferred to a non-participating hospital within 72 hours.
      


NCT04295551

        inclusion criteria:

          1. aged >=18 years;

          2. novel coronavirus pneumonia patients diagnosed by pathogenic testing;

          3. the patient himself participated in the study voluntarily, agreed and signed the
             informed consent.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. meet the diagnostic criteria for severe new-type coronavirus infection pneumonia;

          2. severe primary diseases that affect survival, including: uncontrolled malignant
             tumors, hematological diseases, and hiv that have not been metastasized in multiple
             places;

          3. obstructive pneumonia, pulmonary interstitial fibrosis, alveolar proteinosis, and
             allergic alveolitis caused by lung tumors;

          4. women who are breastfeeding or pregnant;

          5. those who are known to be allergic to the ingredients contained in the research
             medication, or patients with allergies;

          6. those who have continued to use immunosuppressive agents or organ transplants in the
             past 6 months;

          7. patients who have participated in other drug clinical trials within 3 months before
             the screening test;

          8. the investigator judges that he or she cannot complete or should not participate in
             the study (expected death within 48 hours, and the patient refuses active treatment)
      


NCT04298060

        inclusion criteria of cohort 1 #4 is adapted from the flu guideline in china (2018) and
        community acquired pneumonia (cap) guideline in china (2016)

        cohort 1:

        subjects must meet all of the following inclusion criteria at the time of randomization to
        be eligible for participation in this study:

          1. males and females ≥18 years old

          2. diagnosed as influenza (ifv) infection within 3 days before randomization

          3. requires, at the time of randomization, supplemental oxygen ≥2 lpm due to hypoxemia

          4. subjects are severely ill

          5. in the opinion of investigator, subjects will be hospitalized at least 1 week.

          6. if female, subject must not be pregnant or nursing

        cohort 2:

        subjects must meet all of the following inclusion criteria at the time of randomization to
        be eligible for participation in this study:

          1. males and females ≥18 years old

          2. hypoxemia

          3. subjects fulfill one of the following conditions:

               1. ifv subjects who are eligible for all inclusion criteria of cohort 1 except for
                  acute hypoxemia at enrollment.

               2. subjects confirmed with non-ifv sad viral infection.

          4. same in inclusion criteria #5 to #8 in cohort 1.

        exclusion criteria

        cohort 1 and 2:

        subjects who meet any of the following exclusion criteria are not to be enrolled in this
        study:

          1. subjects requiring mechanical, bi-pap or cpap ventilation at randomization.

          2. life expectancy less than 30 days.

          3. subjects with conscious disturbance (slow response, drowsy, restlessness, anxiety,
             confusion, twitching or convulsion)

          4. subjects with unstable hemodynamics such as systolic blood pressure < 90 mmhg or
             septic shock

          5. subjects with bun≧7.14 mmol/l

          6. subjects treated with inhaled anti-viral therapy and washout period ≦ 48 hours.

          7. if alanine aminotransferase (alt), aspartate aminotransferase (ast) or alkaline
             phosphatase (alp) are ≥3x uln and total bilirubin (tb) is ≥2x uln.

          8. female subjects with positive pregnancy test result, breastfeeding or planning to
             breastfeed at any time through 30 days after the last dose of study drug.

          9. subjects taking any other investigational drug used to treat for another respiratory
             infection.

         10. psychiatric or cognitive illness or recreational drug/alcohol use that, in the opinion
             of the principal investigator, would affect subject safety and/or compliance.
      


NCT04302766

        inclusion criteria:

          -  dod-affiliated personnel as defined in dodi 6200.02, which includes
             emergency-essential civilian employees and/or contractor personnel accompanying the
             armed forces who are subject to the same health risk as military personnel

          -  have a laboratory-confirmed covid-19 diagnosis with moderate to severe disease
             presentation as determined by the principal investigator

          -  patient or legally authorized representative (lar) provides written informed consent,
             except as noted in 21 cfr 50.23

          -  understands and agrees to comply with planned study procedures

          -  available for clinical follow-up for duration of the treatment and follow-up period

          -  woman of childbearing potential must

               -  have a negative pregnancy test within 24 hours before starting treatment

               -  agree not to become pregnant during treatment and for 1 months after receiving
                  remdesivir (treatment will be a maximum of 10 doses given over a 10-day interval)

               -  use at least 2 reliable forms of effective contraception, including 1 barrier
                  method, during treatment and for 1 month after the treatment period

        exclusion criteria:

          -  alt/ast ≥ 5 times the upper limit of normal

          -  stage 4 severe kidney disease or requiring dialysis (i.e. egfr <30)

          -  anticipated transfer to another hospital that is not a study site within 72 hours

          -  allergy to any components of the study medication [gs-5734, sulfobutylether
             β-cyclodextrin sodium (sbecd) and hydrochloric acid and/or sodium hydroxide]

          -  concomitant antiviral therapy (lopinavir/ritonavir [kaletra])

          -  pregnant or nursing
      


NCT04303299

        inclusion criteria:

          -  the subject has to grant permission to enter into the study by signing and dating the
             informed consent form before completing any study-related procedure such as any
             assessment or evaluation not related to the normal medical care of the subject.

          -  able to give written inform consent and retained one copy of the consent form

          -  male or female subject, aged between 16 - 100 years old.

          -  subject diagnosed to be covid19

          -  female subject in good health and sexually active was instructed by the investigator
             to avoid pregnancy during the study and to use condom or other contraceptive measure
             if necessary. the subject was required to have a negative urine pregnancy test before
             being eligible for the study. (at each of the subsequent visit, a urine pregnancy test
             was performed).

          -  subject judged to be reliable for compliance for taking medication and capable of
             recording the effects of the medication and motivated in receiving benefits from the
             treatment.and compliance to quarantine procedure 7-14 days after treatment

        exclusion criteria:

          -  the subject was pregnant or lactating.

          -  the subject was a female at risk of pregnancy during the study and not taking adequate
             precautions against pregnancy.

          -  the subject had a known hypersensitivity to any of the test materials or related
             compounds.

          -  the subject was unable or unwilling to comply fully with the protocol.

          -  treatment with investigational drug (s) within 6 months before the screening visit.

          -  the subject had previously entered in this study.

          -  patient who planned to schedule elective surgery during the study

          -  the used of other antiviral agents
      


NCT04303507

        study participants

        these are of two types:

        a. adult volunteers (exact age is dependent on countries) working as a healthcare worker or
        frontline (i.e. patient contact) in a healthcare facility or similar institution

        b. provided that they are willing to participate in the trial and can be followed
        adequately for up to 5 months, we may also enrol hospitalised patients or relatives exposed
        or potentially exposed to the sars-cov-2 virus or other high-risk groups

        inclusion criteria:

          -  participant is willing and able to give informed consent for participation in the
             study and agrees with the study and its conduct

          -  agrees not to self-medicate with chloroquine, hydroxychloroquine or other potential
             antivirals

          -  adults (exact age is dependent on countries)

          -  not previously diagnosed with covid-19

          -  not currently symptomatic with an acute respiratory infection

          -  participant a. works in healthcare facility or other well characterised high-risk
             environment, or b. is an inpatient or relative of a patient in a participating
             hospital and likely exposed to covid-19 infection or another high-risk group

          -  possesses an internet-enabled smartphone (android or ios)

        exclusion criteria:

          -  hypersensitivity reaction to chloroquine, hydroxychloroquine or 4-aminoquinolines

          -  contraindication to taking chloroquine as prophylaxis e.g. known epileptic, known
             creatinine clearance < 10 ml/min

          -  already taking chloroquine, hydroxychloroquine or 4-aminoquinolines

          -  taking a concomitant medication (abiraterone acetate, agalsidase, conivaptan,
             dabrafenib, dacomitinib, enzalutamide, idelalisib, mifepristone, mitotane, tiripentol)
             which cannot be safely stopped

          -  known retinal disease

          -  inability to be followed up for the trial period

          -  known prolonged qt syndrome (however ecg is not required at baseline)
      


NCT04304053

        inclusion criteria for a case:

          1. patients who meet the requirements of the new coronavirus infection diagnosis (acute
             respiratory infection symptoms or acute cough alone and positive pcr)

          2. aged ≥18 years male or female;

          3. in women of childbearing potential, negative pregnancy test and commitment to use
             contraceptive method throughout the study.

          4. willing to take study medication

          5. willing to comply with all study procedures, including repeat nasal swab at day 3

          6. able to provide oral and written informed consent

        exclusion criteria for a case:

          1. serious condition meeting one of the following: (1) respiratory distress with
             respiratory rate >=30 breaths/min; (2) oxygen saturation<=93% on quiet status; (3)
             arterial partial pressure of oxygen (pao2)/oxygen concentration<=300mmhg;

          2. critically ill patients meeting one of the following: (1) experience respiratory
             failure and need to receive mechanical ventilation; (2) experience shock; (3)
             complicated with other organs failure and need intensive care and therapy in icu;

          3. participants under treatment with medications likely to interfere with experimental
             drugs

          4. unable to take drugs by mouth;

          5. with significantly abnormal liver function (child pugh c)

          6. need of dialysis treatment, or gfr≤30 ml/min/1.73 m2;

          7. participants with psoriasis, myasthenia, haematopoietic and retinal
             diseases,cns-related hearing loss or glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficit

          8. participants with severe neurological and mental illness;

          9. pregnant or lactating women;

         10. inability to consent and/or comply with study protocol;

         11. individuals with known hypersensitivity to the study drugs.

         12. persons already treated with any of the study drugs during the last 30 days.

         13. concomitant administration of enzyme inducers (such as carbamazepine) which could lead
             to ineffectiveness of darunavir; and those who receive cyp3a4 substrates (such as
             statins) because of the risk of increased toxicity.

         14. hiv patients (because these are already on antiretroviral treatment)

         15. any contraindications as per the data sheet of rezolsta or hydroxychloroquine.

        inclusion criteria for a contact:

          1. patients who meet the definition of a contact according to the catalan public health
             department guidelines

          2. aged ≥18 years male or female;

          3. in women of childbearing potential, negative pregnancy test and commitment to use
             contraceptive method throughout the study.

          4. willing to take study medication;

          5. willing to comply with all study procedures;

          6. able to provide oral, informed consent and/or assent.

        exclusion criteria for a contact:

          1. with known history of cardiac arrhythmia (or qt prolongation syndrome);

          2. unable to take drugs by mouth;

          3. with significantly abnormal liver function (child pugh c)

          4. need of dialysis treatment, or gfr≤30 ml/min/1.73 m2;

          5. participants with psoriasis, myasthenia, haematopoietic and retinal
             diseases,cns-related hearing loss or glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficit;

          6. persons already treated with any of the study drugs during the last 30 days;

          7. pregnant or lactating women;

          8. any contraindications as per the data sheet of hydroxychloroquine.
      


NCT04304313

        inclusion criteria:

          1. patients diagnosed as covid-19:

               1. mild patient: fever,respiratory and other symptoms, the manifestation of
                  pneumonia can be seen on imaging.

               2. severe patients: meet the definition of severe pneumonia(comply with any of the
                  followings): shortness of breath,rr≥30 bpm;in a resting
                  state:spo2≤93%;pao2/fio2≤300mmhg.

          2. age≥18 years old,unlimited gender.

          3. patients who cannot stop the following drugs during the trial:erythromycin or strong
             inhibitors of cyp3a4 (such as saquinavir,ketoconazole,itraconazole),nonspecific
             inhibitors of cyp (such as cimetidine),hiv protease inhibitors (such as ritonavir).

          4. willing to participate in this study,signed informed consent and willing to
             participate in regular follow-up during the study.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. suffer from severe cognitive impairment or mental illness.

          2. pregnant and lactating women.

          3. patients taking nitric oxide drugs and nitrates in any dosage form.

          4. patients with malignant tumors;ami, stroke or life-threatening arrhythmias within 6
             months;hereditary pigmented retinitis;heart failure or unstable angina pectoris of
             coronary heart disease;patients with severe hypotension and hypertension.

          5. patients who are allergic to the study drug or the researcher believes it is not
             appropriate.

          6. participate in other clinical studies at the same time.
      


NCT04305106

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age: 18-80 years old, male and female;

          2. covid-19 confirmed cases;

          3. comply with any of the following:

               -  dyspnea, rr ≥ 30 times / min;

                    -  in resting state, transcutaneous oxygen saturation ≤ 93%;

                         -  oxygenation index (pao2 / fio2) < 300mmhg;

          4. pulmonary imaging showed diffuse exudative lesions.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. unable to obtain informed consent;

          2. patients with severe liver dysfunction (child pugh score ≥ c, or ast > 5 times of the
             upper limit), severe renal dysfunction (estimated glomerular filtration rate ≤ 30ml /
             min / 1.73 m2), or continuous renal replacement therapy, hemodialysis, peritoneal
             dialysis;

          3. patients with hypertension and unsatisfactory control of antihypertensive drugs
             (sitting systolic blood pressure > 160mmhg, or diastolic blood pressure > 100mmhg) had
             a history of hypertension crisis or hypertensive encephalopathy;

          4. patients with heart disease or clinical symptoms that can not be well controlled, such
             as nyha class ii or above of cardiac insufficiency, unstable angina, myocardial
             infarction within one year, supraventricular or ventricular arrhythmias need treatment
             or intervention;

          5. those with known hereditary bleeding tendency or coagulation dysfunction, those who
             had received full dose anticoagulant or thrombolytic therapy in the first 10 days of
             the group, or those who had taken nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs with platelet
             inhibition in the first 10 days of the group (except those who had preventive use of
             low-dose aspirin ≤ 325mg / day);

          6. in the first 6 months of the group, the patients who had thrombosis, such as ischemic
             stroke, transient ischemic attack, deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism and other
             thrombotic diseases, and in the first 6 months of the group, the patients who had
             serious angiopathy (including aneurysms or arterial thrombosis requiring surgical
             treatment) were screened;

          7. patients with unhealed wounds, active gastric ulcer or fracture; patients with
             gastrointestinal perforation, gastrointestinal fistula, abdominal abscess and internal
             fistula in the first 6 months of the group; patients with major surgical history
             (including thoracotomy biopsy), major trauma (such as fracture) or possible surgery in
             the course of participating in the trial within 28 days before the group;

          8. there were hemoptysis, gastrointestinal bleeding, central nervous system bleeding,
             nose bleeding and other serious and active bleeding patients within one month before
             admission;

          9. there were malignant tumors in the past 5 years;

         10. those allergic to bevacizumab and its components;

         11. untreated active hepatitis patients and hiv positive patients;

         12. pregnant women, lactating women and planned pregnant women;

         13. have participated in other clinical trials or the researchers think it is not suitable
             to participate in this study.
      


NCT04305457

        inclusion criteria:

          1. laboratory confirmed covid19 infection defined with a positive rt-pcr from any
             specimen and/or detection of sars-cov-2 igm/igg antibodies.

          2. hospital admission with at least one of the following:

               1. fever ≥ 36.6 °c from axillary site; or ≥ 37.2°c from oral site; or ≥ 37.6°c from
                  tympanic or rectal site.

               2. respiratory rate ≥ 24 bpm

               3. cough

          3. spontaneous breathing with or without hypoxia of any degree. gas exchange and
             ventilation maybe assisted by any continuous continuous airway pressure (cpap), or any
             system of non invasive ventilation (niv), with positive end-expiratory pressure (peep)
             ≤ 10 cmh2o.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. tracheostomy

          2. therapy with high flow nasal cannula

          3. any clinical contraindications, as judged by the attending physician

          4. hospitalized and confirmed diagnosis of covid-19 for more than 72 hours
      


NCT04306393

        inclusion criteria: (1) adult patients, >/= 18 year-old; (2) patients admitted to the icu;
        (3) patients who are intubated and mechanically ventilated; (4) confirmed diagnosis of
        sars-cov2 by positive rt-pcr.

        exclusion criteria: (1) patients intubated for more than 72 hours from initiation of the
        treatment gas; (2) subjects enrolled in another interventional research study; (3)
        physician of record opposed to enrolling the patient due to perceived safety concerns; or
        any condition that does not allow the protocol to be followed safely.
      


NCT04306497

        inclusion criteria:

          -  it conforms to the diagnostic criteria of confirmed cases of covid-19;

          -  age from 18-75, regardless gender.

          -  the patient informed consent and sign the informed consent form (if the subject has no
             capacity, limited capacity and limited expression of personal will, he or she should
             obtain the consent of his guardian and sign the informed consent at the same time).

        exclusion criteria:

          -  women during pregnancy or lactation;

          -  allergic constitution, such as those who have a history of allergy to two or more
             drugs or food, or who are known to be allergic to drug ingredients observed in this
             study.

          -  severe complications such as multiple organ failure and shock occurred.

          -  complicated with severe primary diseases such as heart, brain, liver, kidney and so
             on.

          -  patients have mental illness.

          -  patients who participated in or is currently participating in other clinical trials
             within the first month of this study.
      


NCT04306705

        inclusion criteria:

          1. agrees to the collection of oropharyngeal or anal swabs and venous blood per protocol.

          2. male or non-pregnant female adult ≥18 years of age at time of enrollment.

          3. has laboratory-confirmed novel coronavirus infection as determined by polymerase chain
             reaction (pcr), or other commercial or public health assay in oropharyngeal or anal
             specimen within 72 hours prior to hospitalization.

          4. illness of any duration, and at least one of the following:

               1. radiographic infiltrates by imaging (chest x-ray, ct scan, etc.), or

               2. clinical assessment (evidence of rales/crackles on physical examination) and spo2
                  ≤93% on room air, or

               3. requiring mechanical ventilation and/or supplemental oxygen, or

               4. sustained fever in the past 24 hours and unresponsive to nsaid or steroid

          5. serum il-6 ≥3 times the upper limit of normal

        exclusion criteria:

          1. alanine transaminase/aspartate transaminase (alt/ast) > 5 times the upper limit of
             normal.

          2. stage 4 severe chronic kidney disease or requiring dialysis (i.e. estimated glomerular
             filtration rate (egfr) < 30 ml /min/1.73 m^2)

          3. hemoglobin<80 g/l

          4. leukocytes<2.0×10^9

          5. platelets<50×10^9

          6. pregnancy or breast feeding.

          7. anticipated transfer to another hospital which is not a study site within 72 hours.

          8. expected life span does not exceed 7 days.

          9. allergy to any study medication.
      


NCT04307693

        inclusion criteria:

          -  confirmed mild covid-19 (news scoring system 0-4)

        exclusion criteria:

          -  unable to take oral medication

          -  pregnancy or breast feeding

          -  immunocompromised patients

          -  creatinine clearance (ccl) < 30 ml/min

          -  aspartate transaminase (ast) or alanine transaminase (alt) > 5 times upper limit of
             normal (uln)
      


NCT04308317

        inclusion criteria:

          -  patients with mild and severe cases who have been diagnosed with new coronavirus
             pneumonia according to the "pneumonitis diagnosis and treatment -

          -  plan for new coronavirus infection"

          -  age 18 to 75 years;

          -  sign the informed consent voluntarily.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  with active tuberculosis, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, bronchial asthma,
             bronchiectasis, pulmonary embolism, patients with chronic respiratory failure or other
             severe respiratory disease;

          -  according to the "pneumonia diagnosis and treatment program for new coronavirus
             infection" (trial version 6), critically ill patients

          -  with severe patients with disease of heart head blood-vessel, malignant arrhythmia,
             unstable angina, acute myocardial infarction and death, cardiac function level 3 and
             above, stroke, cerebral hemorrhage, etc.);

          -  with severe liver and kidney diseases (severe liver disease refers to cirrhosis,
             portal hypertension and varices bleeding, severe kidney disease including dialysis,
             kidney transplantation);

          -  pregnant and lactating women;

          -  severe cognitive and mental disorders;

          -  clinical investigators who were participating in other interventions within 1 month
             prior to inclusion
      


NCT04308668

        inclusion criteria:

          -  provision of informed consent

          -  exposure to a covid19 case within 4 days as either a healthcare worker or household
             contact, or

          -  symptomatic covid19 case with confirmed diagnosis within 4 days of symptom onset or
             symptomatic healthcare worker with known covid19 contact and within 4 days of symptom
             onset;

        exclusion criteria:

          -  current hospitalization

          -  allergy to hydroxychloroquine

          -  retinal eye disease

          -  known glucose-6 phosphate dehydrogenase (g-6-pd) deficiency

          -  known chronic kidney disease, stage 4 or 5 or receiving dialysis

          -  weight < 40 kg

          -  known porphyria

          -  current use of: hydroxychloroquine or cardiac medicines of: flecainide, tambocor;
             amiodarone, cordarone, pacerone; digoxin or digox, digitek, lanoxin; procainamide or
             procan, procanbid, propafenone, rythmal)
      


NCT04310228

        inclusion criteria:

          1. clinically diagnosed with corona virus disease 2019

          2. increased interleukin-6

          3. sign the informed consent

          4. subjects who can take medicine orally

          5. agree to collect clinical samples

          6. female subjects of childbearing age are not pregnant and agree to take effective
             contraception within 7 days of the last oral medication to ensure that they are not
             pregnant within 3-6 months

          7. male patients agree to effective contraception within 7 days of last oral medication.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. cases of severe vomiting that make it difficult to take the drug orally

          2. allergic to favipiravir or tocilizumab

          3. pregnant and lactating women

          4. subjects received specific antiviral drugs such as lopinavir / ritonavir, ribavirin,
             arbidol, chloroquine phosphate, hydroxychloroquine, and monoclonal antibodies within
             one week before admission.

          5. cases of respiratory failure and requiring mechanical ventilation

          6. cases of shock

          7. combined organ failure requires icu monitoring and treatment

          8. predicted clinically that there is no hope of survival, or cases of deep coma that do
             not respond to supportive treatment measures within three hours of admission

          9. alanine aminotransferase / aspartate aminotransferase> 5 times of upper limit of
             normal

         10. neutrophils <0.5 × 10^9 / l, platelets less than 50 × 10^9 / l

         11. clear diagnosis of rheumatoid immunity, malignant tumors and other related diseases

         12. long-term oral anti-rejection drugs or immunomodulatory drugs

         13. allergic reactions to tocilizumab or any excipients

         14. patients with active hepatitis, tuberculosis, and definite bacterial and fungal
             infections

         15. organ transplant patients

         16. patients with mental disorders
      


NCT04310865

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age ≥18 years at time of signing informed consent form;

          2. those who meet the diagnosis of severe new coronavirus pneumonia with laboratory
             confirmed infection with covid-19;

          3. lung involvement confirmed with chest imaging;

          4. hospitalized with a pa02/fi02 ratio ≤300mghg;

          5. 40%> lymphocyte percentage ≥5%;

          6. no difficulty swallowing oral medications.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. allergies, those who are known to be allergic to research drugs or drug excipients;

          2. the patient weighs less than 40 kg;

          3. patients with diarrhea;

          4. shock;

          5. patients with respiratory failure at the time of enrollment who need invasive
             mechanical ventilation;

          6. the clinician judges that icu admission is needed;

          7. patients who participated in other clinical trials within 1 month;

          8. known patients with impaired renal function (estimated creatinine clearance <60 ml /
             min (male: cr (ml / min) = (140-age) × body weight (kg) / 72 × blood creatinine
             concentration (mg / dl); female: cr (ml / min) = (140-age) × weight (kg) / 85 × blood
             creatinine concentration (mg / dl));

          9. during the screening or within 24 hours before screening, patients were found to have
             any of the following laboratory parameter abnormalities (based on the local laboratory
             reference range): alt or ast level> 5 times the upper limit of normal range (uln) or
             alt or ast level> 3 times uln and total bilirubin levels> 2 times uln;

         10. being pregnant or breastfeeding, or having a positive pregnancy test at the time of
             pre-dose inspection, or planning to become pregnant within 3 months after study
             treatment;

         11. will be transferred to another hospital which is not the study site within 72 hours.
      


NCT04311177

        inclusion criteria:

          -  presumptive positive laboratory test for sars-cov-2 or upper respiratory infection
             with recent exposure to laboratory-proven sars-cov-2-infected person

          -  negative influenza and respiratory virus panel

          -  randomization within 48 hours of meeting inclusion criteria

        exclusion criteria:

          -  currently taking an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor (acei) or angiotensin
             receptor blocker (arb)

          -  prior reaction or intolerance to an arb or acei

          -  potassium great than 5.0 meq/l within 4 weeks of study enrollment

          -  pregnancy or breastfeeding

          -  females of childbearing age

          -  estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr) of < 30ml/min/1.73 m2 within 4 weeks of
             study initiation or history of advanced renal disease

          -  ast and/or alt > 3 times the upper limit of normal within 4 weeks of study enrollment

          -  concurrent treatment with alikirin

          -  inability to obtain informed consent

          -  non-english speakers
      


NCT04311697

        inclusion criteria:

          -  ards associated with covid-19 infection

          -  medical necessity for endotracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation

          -  physician determination that patient is on maximal conventional medical therapy

        exclusion criteria:

          -  existing evidence of end-organ (renal, cardiac, hepatic, gastrointestinal failure)
      


NCT04312009

        inclusion criteria:

          -  presumptive positive laboratory test for sars-cov-2 or upper respiratory infection
             with recent exposure to laboratory-proven sars-cov-2-infected person

          -  negative influenza and respiratory virus panel

          -  new or worsening hypoxia (spo2 <95%) compared to baseline or increasing oxygen
             requirement

          -  randomization within 24 hours of initial presentation to a hospital (inclusive of
             transfer)

        exclusion criteria:

          -  currently taking an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor (acei) or angiotensin
             receptor blocker (arb)

          -  prior reaction or intolerance to an arb or acei

          -  blood pressure less than 110/70 mmhg

          -  potassium great than 5.0 meq/l within 4 weeks of study enrollment.

          -  pregnancy or breastfeeding

          -  in females of childbearing age, unwillingness to use birth control for the duration of
             the study

          -  estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr) of < 30ml/min/1.73 m2 within 4 weeks of
             study initiation or history of advanced renal disease

          -  ast and/or alt > 3 times the upper limit of normal within 4 weeks of study enrollment

          -  severe volume depletion or severe acute kidney injury that, in the opinion of the
             investigator, would preclude administration of losartan

          -  concurrent treatment with alikirin

          -  inability to obtain informed consent

          -  non-english speakers
      


NCT04312243

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age ≥18 years

          2. scheduled to work with sars-cov-2 infected patients for at least 3 days in a week.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. previous documented sars-cov-2 infections and subsequent negative sars-cov-2 rt-pcr
             test.

          2. pregnancy

          3. known hemoglobinopathies.

          4. known anemia
      


NCT04312997

        inclusion criteria:

          -  1. subjects must have a documented positive test for the covid-19 virus within 72
             hours of the administration of study drug

          -  2. subjects who have no requirement for oxygen (ordinal scale for clinical improvement
             score of 3 or less)

          -  3. subjects must be under observation or admitted to a controlled facility or hospital
             (home quarantine is not sufficient)

          -  4. subjects must be receiving standard of care (soc) for covid-19

          -  5. subject's spirometry (forced expiratory volume in one second [fev1] and forced
             vital capacity [fvc]) must be ≥70% of predicted value

          -  6. if female, must be either post-menopausal (one year or greater without menses),
             surgically sterile, or, for female subjects of child-bearing potential who are capable
             of conception must be: practicing two effective methods of birth control (acceptable
             methods include intrauterine device, spermicide, barrier, male partner surgical
             sterilization, and hormonal contraception) during the study and through 30 days after
             completion of the study. abstinence is not classified as an effective method of birth
             control.

          -  7. if female, must not be pregnant, plan to become pregnant, or nurse a child during
             the study and through 30 days after completion of the study. a pregnancy test must be
             negative at the screening visit, prior to dosing on day 1.

          -  8. if male, must be surgically sterile or willing to practice two effective methods of
             birth control (acceptable methods include barrier, spermicide, or female partner
             surgical sterilization) during the study and through 30 days after completion of the
             study. abstinence is not classified as an effective method of birth control.

          -  9. must have the ability to understand and give informed consent.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  1. no documented infection with sars-cov-2

          -  2. patients who are symptomatic and require oxygen (ordinal scale for clinical
             improvement score >3) at the time of screening

          -  3. known history of chronic pulmonary disease (e.g., asthma [including atopic asthma,
             exercise-induced asthma, or asthma triggered by respiratory infection], chronic
             pulmonary disease, pulmonary fibrosis, copd), pulmonary hypertension, or heart
             failure.

          -  4. any condition which, in the opinion of the principal investigator, would prevent
             full participation in this trial or would interfere with the evaluation of the trial
             endpoints.

          -  5. previous exposure to pul-042 inhalation solution
      


NCT04313023

        inclusion criteria:

          -  1. subjects must have documented exposure to covid-19 and have a documented negative
             test for the virus within 72 hours of the administration of study drug

          -  2. subjects must be free of clinical symptoms (fever, cough, shortness of breath) of a
             potential covid-19 infection

          -  3. subjects must be under quarantine in a controlled facility or hospital (home
             quarantine is not sufficient)

          -  4. spirometry (forced expiratory volume in one second [fev1] and forced vital capacity
             [fvc]) ≥70% of predicted value

          -  5. if female, must be either post-menopausal (one year or greater without menses),
             surgically sterile, or, for female subjects of child-bearing potential who are capable
             of conception must be: practicing two effective methods of birth control (acceptable
             methods include intrauterine device, spermicide, barrier, male partner surgical
             sterilization, and hormonal contraception) during the study and through 30 days after
             completion of the study. abstinence is not classified as an effective method of birth
             control.

          -  6. if female, must not be pregnant, plan to become pregnant, or nurse a child during
             the study and through 30 days after completion of the study. a pregnancy test must be
             negative at the screening visit, prior to dosing on day 1.

          -  7. if male, must be surgically sterile or willing to practice two effective methods of
             birth control (acceptable methods include barrier, spermicide, or female partner
             surgical sterilization) during the study and through 30 days after completion of the
             study. abstinence is not classified as an effective method of birth control.

          -  8. ability to understand and give informed consent.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  1. documented infection with covid-19

          -  2. clinical signs and symptoms consistent with covid-19 infection (fever, cough,
             shortness of breath) at the time of screening

          -  3. known history of chronic pulmonary disease (e.g., asthma [including atopic asthma,
             exercise-induced asthma, or asthma triggered by respiratory infection], chronic
             pulmonary disease, pulmonary fibrosis, copd), pulmonary hypertension, or heart
             failure.

          -  4. any condition which, in the opinion of the principal investigator, would prevent
             full participation in this trial or would interfere with the evaluation of the trial
             endpoints.

          -  5. previous exposure to pul-042 inhalation solution
      


NCT04315298

        key inclusion criteria:

          -  laboratory-confirmed sars-cov-2 infection as determined by polymerase chain reaction
             (pcr), result from any specimen (or other commercial or public health assay) within 2
             weeks prior to randomization and no alternative explanation for current clinical
             condition

          -  hospitalized with illness of any duration with evidence of pneumonia and severe
             disease, critical disease, multi-system organ dysfunction or immunocompromised at
             baseline

          -  ability to provide informed consent signed by study patient or legally acceptable
             representative

          -  willingness and ability to comply with study-related procedures/assessments

        key exclusion criteria:

          -  in the opinion of the investigator, not expected to survive for more than 48 hours
             from screening

          -  presence of any of the following abnormal laboratory values at screening: absolute
             neutrophil count (anc) less than 2000 mm3, aspartate aminotransferase (ast) or alanine
             aminotransferase (alt) greater than 5 x upper limit of normal (uln), platelets <50,000
             per mm3

          -  treatment with anti-il 6, anti-il-6r antagonists, or with janus kinase inhibitors
             (jaki) in the past 30 days or plans to receive during the study period

          -  current treatment with the simultaneous combination of leflunomide and methotrexate

          -  known active tuberculosis (tb), history of incompletely treated tb, suspected or known
             extrapulmonary tb, suspected or known systemic bacterial or fungal infections

          -  patients who have received immunosuppressive antibody therapy within the past 5
             months, including intravenous immunoglobulin or plans to receive during the study
             period

          -  participation in a double-blind clinical research study evaluating an investigational
             product (ip) or therapy within 3 months and less than 5 half-lives of ip prior to the
             screening visit (the use of remdesivir, hydroxychloroquine, or other treatments being
             used for covid-19 treatments in the context of an open-label study or compassionate
             use protocol is permitted)

          -  any physical examination findings, and/or history of any illness, concomitant
             medications or recent live vaccines that, in the opinion of the study investigator,
             might confound the results of the study or pose an additional risk to the patient by
             their participation in the study

          -  known systemic hypersensitivity to sarilumab or the excipients of the drug product

        note: other protocol defined inclusion / exclusion criteria may apply
      


NCT04315480

        inclusion criteria:

          -  sars-cov2 infection diagnosed by rt-pcr

          -  ct-scan confirmed multifocal interstitial pneumonia

          -  need of oxygen therapy to maintain so2>93%

          -  worsening of lung involvement, defined as (one of the following criteria):

               -  worsening of oxygen saturation >3 percentage points or decrease in pao2 >10%,
                  with stable fio2 in the last 24h

               -  need of increase fio2 in order to maintain a stable so2 or new onset need of
                  mechanical ventilation in the last 24h

               -  increase in number and/or extension of pulmonary areas of consolidation

        exclusion criteria:

          -  age <18 ys and >90 ys

          -  severe heart failure

          -  bacterial infection

          -  haematological neoplasm

          -  neutrophil count below 1000/mcl

          -  platelet count below 50000/mcl

          -  alt> x5unl

          -  inability to give informed consent
      


NCT04315896

        inclusion criteria:

          1. signed informed consent

          2. negative pregnancy test in women

          3. covid-19 confirmed by rtpcr in any respiratory sample.

          4. severe covid-19 disease defined as any from the following:

               1. pulse oximetry less than 91% or a 3% drop from base pulse oximetry or need to
                  increase supplementary oxygen in chronic hypoxia

               2. need for mechanical ventilation (invasive or non invasive )

               3. sepsis/septic shock.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. history of anaphylactic shock to hydroxychloroquine.

          2. history of previous administration of chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine (within 1
             month)

          3. decision of attending physician by any reason.

          4. history of chronic hepatic disease (child-pugh b or c)

          5. history of chronic renal disease (gfr less than 30)
      


NCT04315948

        inclusion criteria:

          -  adult ≥18 years of age at time of enrolment.

          -  has laboratory-confirmed sars-cov-2 infection as determined by pcr, or other
             commercial or public health assay in any specimen < 72 hours prior to randomization.

          -  hospitalized patients with illness of any duration, and at least one of the following:

               -  clinical assessment (evidence of rales/crackles on exam) and spo2 ≤ 94% on room
                  air, or

               -  acute respiratory failure requiring mechanical ventilation and/or supplemental
                  oxygen.

          -  women of childbearing potential must agree to use contraception for the duration of
             the study. acceptable birth methods control are listed in section 7.3

        exclusion criteria:

          -  refusal to participate expressed by patient or legally authorized representative if
             they are present

          -  spontaneous blood alt/ast levels > 5 times the upper limit of normal.

          -  stage 4 severe chronic kidney disease or requiring dialysis (i.e. egfr < 30 ml/min)

          -  pregnancy or breast-feeding.

          -  anticipated transfer to another hospital, which is not a study site within 72 hours.

          -  patients previously treated with one of the antivirals evaluated in the trial (i.e.
             remdesivir, interferon ß-1a, lopinavir/ritonavir, hydroxychloroquine) in the past 29
             days

          -  contraindication to any study medication including allergy

          -  use of medications that are contraindicated with lopinavir/ritonavir i.e. drugs whose
             metabolism is highly dependent on the isoform cyp3a with narrow therapeutic range
             (e.g. amiodarone, colchicine, simvastatine).

          -  use of medications that are contraindicated with hydroxychloroquine: citalopram,
             escitalopram, hydroxyzine, domperidone, pipéraquine.

          -  human immunodeficiency virus infection under highly active antiretroviral therapy
             (haart).

          -  history of severe depression or attempted suicide or current suicidal ideation
      


NCT04316377

        inclusion criteria:

          -  hospitalised

          -  adults 18 year or older

          -  moderately severe disease (news score ≤ 6)

          -  sars-cov-2 positive nasopharyngeal swab

          -  signed informed consent must be obtained and documented according to ich gcp, and
             national/local regulations.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  requiring icu admission at screening

          -  history of psoriasis

          -  tinnitus, reduced hearing

          -  visual impairment
      


NCT04317040

        inclusion criteria:

          1. should be at least 18 years of age,

          2. male or female,

          3. diagnosed with covid-19 and confirmed sars-cov-2 viral infection.

          4. able to sign the consent form.

          5. severe covid-19 (appendix a), or niaid 7-point ordinal score 3 to 4 (requiring
             non-invasive ventilation or oxygen, a spo2 </= 94% or tachypnea (respiratory rate >/=
             24 breaths/min), appendix b).

          6. the absolute lymphocyte count is ≤ 0.8 × 10^9 / l (8x10^5 / ml, 800 / mm3).

        exclusion criteria:

          1. patients with covid 19 in critical condition or ards (appendix a) or niaid 7-point
             ordinal score 2 (hospitalized, on invasive mechanical ventilation or extracorporeal
             membrane oxygenation (ecmo)).

          2. patients with bacterial / fungal infections.

          3. patients who are pregnant, breastfeeding, or have a positive pregnancy test result
             before enrollment.

          4. severe liver damage (child-pugh score ≥ c, ast> 5 times the upper limit).

          5. patients with known severe renal impairment (creatinine clearance ≤ 30 ml / min) or
             patients receiving continuous renal replacement therapy, hemodialysis, or peritoneal
             dialysis.

          6. will be transferred to a non-study site hospital within 72 hours.

          7. the investigator believes that participating in the trial is not in the best interests
             of the patient, or the investigator considers unsuitable for enrollment (such as
             unpredictable risks or subject compliance issues).
      


NCT04317092

        inclusion criteria:

          1. any gender

          2. no age limit

          3. informed consent for participation in the study (consent can be oral if a written
             consent cannot be expressed. if the subject is incapable of giving an informed consent
             and an authorized representative is not available without a delay that would, in the
             opinion of the investigator, compromise the potential life-saving effect of the
             treatment this can be administered without consent. consent to remain in the research
             should be sought as soon the conditions of the patient will allow it)

          4. virological diagnosis of sars-cov-2 infection (real-time pcr)

          5. hospitalized due to clinical/instrumental diagnosis of pneumonia

          6. oxygen saturation at rest in ambient air ≤93% or requiring oxygen therapy or
             mechanical ventilation either non invasive or invasive (intubated)

          7. patients with criteria #4 and #5 who have been already treated with tocilizumab before
             registration are eligible for the observational retrospective cohort

        exclusion criteria:

          1. known hypersensitivity to tocilizumab or its excipients

          2. known active infections or other clinical condition that contraindicate tocilizumab
             and cannot be treated or solved according to the judgement of the clinician

          3. alt / ast> 5 times the upper limit of the normality

          4. neutrophils <500 / mmc

          5. platelets <50.000 / mmc

          6. bowel diverticulitis or perforation
      


NCT04318015

        inclusion criteria:

          -  18 years old upon study start

          -  healthcare personnel exposed to patients with covid-19 respiratory disease:
             physicians, nurses, chemists, pharmacists, janitors, stretcher-bearer, administrative
             and respiratory therapists.

          -  signed consent for randomization to any study arm.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  known hypersensitivity to hydroxychloroquine manifested as anaphylaxis

          -  current treatment to chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine

          -  women with last menstruation date farther than a month without negative pregnancy
             test.

          -  women with positive pregnancy test

          -  breastfeeding women

          -  chronic hepatic disease history (child-pugh b or c)

          -  chronic renal disease (gfr less or equal to 30)
      


NCT04318444

        inclusion criteria:

          -  household contact of index case: currently residing in the same household as an
             individual evaluated at nyp via outpatient, emergency department (ed), or inpatient
             services who (1) test positive for covid-19, or (2) are defined as suspected cases, or
             persons under investigations (pui), by the treating physician.

          -  willing to take study drug as directed for 5 days.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  age <18 years old

          -  suspected or confirmed current covid-19, defined as: (1) temperature > 38 celsius; (2)
             cough; (3) shortness of breath; (4) sore throat; or, if available (not required), (5)
             positive confirmatory testing for covid-19

          -  suspected or confirmed convalescent covid-19, defined as any of the above symptoms
             within the prior 4 weeks.

          -  inability to take medications orally

          -  inability to provide written consent

          -  known sensitivity/allergy to hydroxychloroquine

          -  current use of hydroxychloroquine for another indication

          -  pregnancy

          -  prior diagnosis of retinopathy

          -  prior diagnosis of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (g6pd) deficiency

          -  major comorbidities increasing risk of study drug including: i. hematologic
             malignancy, ii. advanced (stage 4-5) chronic kidney disease or dialysis therapy, iii.
             known history of ventricular arrhythmias, iv. current use of drugs that prolong the qt
             interval
      


NCT04320238

        inclusion criteria:

          -  formally serving medical staff in taihe hospital;

        exclusion criteria:

          -  pregnant women;

          -  severe chronic diseases who are unable to participate in daily routine work;

          -  fever (temperature≥37.3 ° ) and / or respiratory symptoms.
      


NCT04320277

        inclusion criteria:

          -  all consecutive patients with mild to moderate covid-19 infection

          -  age >18 years,

          -  clinical diagnosis of covid19 infection

          -  patients should present fever, cough and myalgia and weakness and radiological
             findings of pneumonia.

          -  all patients should be willing and able to provide written informed consent prior to
             performing study procedures.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  age less than 18

          -  history of thrombophlebitis.

          -  patient with latent tuberculosis infection (quantiferon test).

          -  pregnancy and lactation.
      


NCT04320615

        inclusion criteria:

          -  hospitalized with covid-19 pneumonia confirmed per who criteria (including a positive
             pcr of any specimen; e.g., respiratory, blood, urine, stool, other bodily fluid) and
             evidenced by chest x-ray or ct scan

          -  spo2 </=93% or pao2/fio2 <300 mmhg

        exclusion criteria:

          -  known severe allergic reactions to tcz or other monoclonal antibodies

          -  active tuberculosis (tb) infection

          -  suspected active bacterial, fungal, viral, or other infection (besides covid-19)

          -  in the opinion of the investigator, progression to death is imminent and inevitable
             within the next 24 hours, irrespective of the provision of treatments

          -  have received oral anti-rejection or immunomodulatory drugs (including tcz) with the
             past 6 months

          -  participating in other drug clinical trials (participation in covid-19 anti-viral
             trials may be permitted if approved by medical monitor)

          -  pregnant or breastfeeding, or positive pregnancy test in a pre-dose examination

          -  treatment with an investigational drug within 5 half-lives or 30 days (whichever is
             longer) of randomization (investigational covid-19 antivirals may be permitted if
             approved by medial monitor)

          -  any serious medical condition or abnormality of clinical laboratory tests that, in the
             investigator's judgment, precludes the patient's safe participation in and completion
             of the study

          -  alanine aminotransferase (alt) or aspartate aminotransferase (ast) > 10 x upper limit
             of normal (uln) detected within 24 hours at screening or at baseline (per local lab)

          -  absolute neutrophil count (anc) < 1000/ml at screening and baseline (per local lab)

          -  platelet count < 50,000/ml at screening and baseline (per local lab)
      


NCT04321096

        inclusion criteria:

          -  documented covid-19 infection as evidenced by positive pcr (or comparable clinical
             assay) for sars-cov-2

          -  less than 48 hours since time of hospital admission or if hospital-acquired covid-19
             is suspected, less than 48 hrs since onset of symptoms

          -  adolescents and adults age >=16 years

          -  subject or legally authorized representative able to give informed consent

          -  admitted to hospital

        exclusion criteria:

          -  any condition that, in the investigator's opinion, will prevent adequate compliance
             with study therapy

          -  the following laboratory values at baseline (day 0):

          -  serum total bilirubin ≥3 uln

          -  estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr) ≤30 ml/min (based on serum creatinine)

          -  known hypersensitivity to camostat mesilate

          -  women who are pregnant or breastfeeding
      


NCT04321174

        inclusion criteria:

          1. high risk close contact with a confirmed covid-19 case during their symptomatic
             period, including one day before symptom onset, within the past 1-7 days. high risk
             close contact is defined as any of the following exposures without the consistent
             appropriate use of recommended personal protective equipment:

               1. provided direct care for the index case

               2. had close physical contact with the index case

               3. lived with the index case

               4. had close contact (within 2 metres), without direct physical contact, for a
                  prolonged period of time

               5. had direct contact with infectious body fluids, including oral secretions,
                  respiratory secretions, or stool.

          2. successfully contacted by the study team within 24 hours of study team notification of
             the relevant index covid-19 case. this time window is necessary because the efficacy
             of pep may be dependent on the timing of its initiation, and because randomization of
             a ring cannot be delayed while awaiting response from contacts that cannot be rapidly
             reached.

          3. age ≥6 months, since the safety and pharmacokinetic profiles of lpv/r in pediatric
             patients below the age of 6 months have not been established.

          4. ability to communicate with study staff in english

        exclusion criteria:

          1. known hypersensitivity/allergy to lopinavir or ritonavir.

          2. current use of lpv/r for the treatment or prevention of hiv infection.

          3. receipt of lpv/r in the context of this trial or any other trial of covid-19 pep
             within 2 days or less prior to the last known contact with the index covid-19 case.
             the two day time window is intended to ensure that exposure would not have occurred in
             the presence of clinically relevant drug levels (five times the elimination half-life
             of lpv/r, which is estimated at 4-6 hours with prolonged use).

          4. baseline respiratory tract specimen positive for covid-19. randomized participants
             whose baseline samples subsequently show covid-19 will have study drug discontinued
             but still remain under observation.

          5. current breastfeeding, due to potential for serious adverse reactions in nursing
             infants exposed to lpv/r

          6. concomitant medications with prohibited drug interactions with lpv/r that cannot be
             temporarily suspended/replaced, including but not restricted to: 37

               -  alfuzosin (e.g. xatral®)

               -  amiodarone (e.g. cordarone™)

               -  apalutamide (e.g. erleada™)

               -  astemizole*, terfenadine*

               -  cisapride*

               -  colchicine, when used in patients with renal and/or hepatic impairment

               -  dronedarone (e.g., multaq®)

               -  elbasvir/grazoprevir (e.g., zepatiertm)

               -  ergotamine* (e.g. cafergot®*), dihydroergotamine (e.g. migranal®), ergonovine,
                  methylergonovine*

               -  fusidic acid (e.g., fucidin®), systemic*

               -  lurasidone (e.g., latuda®), pimozide (e.g., orap®*)

               -  neratinib (e.g., nerlynx®)

               -  sildenafil (e.g., revatio®)

               -  triazolam (e.g. halcion®), midazolam oral*

               -  rifampin (e.g. rimactane®*, rifadin®, rifater®*, rifamate®*)

               -  st. john's wort

               -  tadalafil (e.g. adcirca®)

               -  venetoclax (e.g. venclexta®)

               -  lovastatin (e.g., mevacor®*), lomitapide (e.g., juxtapidtm) or simvastatin (e.g.,
                  zocor®)

               -  vardenafil (e.g., levitra® or staxyn®)

               -  salmeterol (e.g., advair® or serevent®)

                    -  denotes products not marketed in canada
      


NCT04321278

        inclusion criteria:

          1. males and females aged > 18 years;

          2. probable or confirmed infection by sars-cov2 presenting with one of the following:

               -  need for oxygen supplementation > 4l or,

               -  need for high oxygen flow nasal catheter, or

               -  need for non-invasive ventilation, or

               -  need for mechanical ventilation.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. refusal to provide written informed consent (either the patient or a legal
             representative);

          2. hypersensitivity to any of the drugs used in the study (azithromycin or
             hydroxychloroquine);

          3. patients with long qt syndrome or severe ventricular arrhythmias;

          4. qtc> = 480ms;

          5. patients without a therapeutic perspective or with a palliative care perspective;

          6. patients with liver disease or cirrhosis or abnormal liver enzyme tests above three
             times the upper limit values (alanine aminotransferase -alt and aspartate
             aminotransferase - ast);

          7. renal dysfunction (estimated glomerular filtration rate [egfr] <30 ml/min/1.73m2,
             using the mdrd or ckd-epi methods);

          8. patients with retinopathy or macular degeneration;

          9. patients with pancreatitis;

         10. patients using drugs that prolong the qt interval;

         11. patients with concomitant use of medications that alter the absorption or excretion of
             azithromycin or hydroxychloroquine;

         12. breastfeeding women;

         13. patients using psychoactive drugs;

         14. pregnancy.
      


NCT04321616

        inclusion criteria:

          1. adult patients, 18 years and above

          2. confirmed sars-2-cov-2 infection by pcr

          3. admitted to the hospital ward or the icu

          4. subjects (or legally authorized representative) provides written informed consent
             prior to initiation of the study

        exclusion criteria:

          1. severe co-morbidity with life expectancy <3 months according to investigators
             assessment

          2. (aspartate transaminase/ alanine aminotransferase) asat/alat > 5 times the upper limit
             of normal

          3. acute co-morbidity within 7 days before inclusion such as myocardial infarction

          4. known intolerance to the available study drugs

          5. pregnancy, possible pregnancy or breast feeding

          6. any reason why, in the opinion of the investigators, the patient should not
             participate

          7. subject participates in a potentially confounding drug or device trial during the
             course of the study

          8. prolonged qt interval (>450 ms)
      


NCT04321993

        inclusion criteria:

          -  18 years or older

          -  moderate to severe covid-19 associated disease as defined by the who

          -  hospitalized patient

          -  willing and able to provide written informed consent prior to performing study
             procedures

          -  has laboratory-confirmed sars-cov-2 infection as determined by pcr, or other
             commercial or public health assay

          -  illness of any duration, and at least one of the following: radiographic infiltrates
             by imaging (chest x-ray, ct scan, etc.), or clinical assessment (evidence of
             rales/crackles on exam) and spo2 ≤ 94% on room air, or require mechanical ventilation
             and/or supplemental oxygen.

          -  febrile defined as temperature ≥ 36.6 °c armpit, ≥ 37.2 °c oral, or ≥ 37.8 °c rectal
             documented within 48 hours of consent

        exclusion criteria:

          -  participation in any other clinical trial of an experimental treatment for covid-19

          -  concurrent treatment with other agents with actual or possible direct acting antiviral
             activity against sars-cov-2 is prohibited < 24 hours prior to study medication
             initiation

          -  sofa >10

          -  alanine aminotransferase (alt) or aspartate aminotransferase (ast) > 5 x upper limit
             of normal (uln)

          -  stage 4 severe chronic kidney disease or requiring dialysis (i.e. egfr < 30)

          -  pregnant women or women who are breastfeeding

          -  immunocompromised patients taking medication upon screening

          -  consideration by the investigator, for any reason, that the subject is an unsuitable
             candidate to receive study treatment
      


NCT04322123

        inclusion criteria:

          -  patients with suspected or confirmed covid-19 admitted to inpatient units and
             intensive care units

        exclusion criteria:

          -  need for oxygen supplementation > 4l/min

          -  patients using a high-flow nasal catheter

          -  patients using non-invasive mechanical ventilation

          -  patients using invasive mechanical ventilation 2. males and females aged < 18 years 3.
             pregnancy 4. allergy to chloroquine or derivatives 5. allergy to azythromycin 6.
             patients hospitalized for more than 48 hours 7. patients with respiratory symptoms for
             more than 14 days
      


NCT04322344

        inclusion criteria:

          -  aged between 18 and 75 years, extremes included, male or female

          -  positivity to covid-19 screening test in molecular biology

          -  in escin group: low response to standard treatment

          -  ability to understand and the willingness to sign a written informed consent document

        exclusion criteria:

          -  female subjects who are pregnant or breastfeeding.

          -  patients with previous history to allergy

          -  patients meet the contraindications of escin

          -  patients have any condition that in the judgement of the investigators would make the
             subject inappropriate for entry into this study.

          -  patients can't take drugs orally
      


NCT04322396

        inclusion criteria:

          -  patient admitted to a danish emergency department, lung medical department or medical
             department

          -  age >18 years

          -  hospitalized <48 hours

          -  positive covid-19 test/diagnosis during the hospitalization

          -  signes informed consent

        exclusion criteria:

          -  if the patient uses > 5 lo2/min at time of recruitment

          -  known intolerance/allergy to azithromycin or hydroxychloroquine or hypersensitivity to
             quinine or 4-aminoquinolinderivates

          -  pregnancy

          -  breatfeeding

          -  neurogenic hearing loss

          -  psoriasis

          -  retinopathy

          -  maculopathy

          -  changes in vision field

          -  severe liver disease other than amoebiases

          -  severe gastrointestinal, neurological or haematological disorders

          -  egfr < 45 ml/min/1.73m2

          -  clinically significant cardiac conduction disorders/arrhytmias or prolonged qtc
             interval

          -  myasthenia gravis

          -  uses digoxin

          -  glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase defiency

          -  porphyria

          -  hypoglycemia at any time since hospitalization

          -  severe mental illness which significantly impedes cooperation

          -  severe linguistic problems that significantly impedes cooperation

          -  treatment with sickle alkaloids
      


NCT04322565

        inclusion criteria:

          -  according to the risk stratification criteria of the emilia-romagna region, italy
             (accessed on march 24th, 2020 http://www...), eligible patients will belong to the
             scenario 2, and 3a (slightly modified) as follows:

        scenario 2 positive nasopharyngeal swab for covid-19, asymptomatic or paucisymptomatic,
        aged ≥70 years and/or with clinical risk factors for poor outcome (clinically relevant
        chronic lung disease, diabetes and/or heart disease) or - symptomatic with respiratory or
        systemic symptoms, however clinically stable (mews<3) with ct imaging showing viral
        pneumonia and positive or pending pharyngo-nasal swab for covid-19: temperature 38°c and/or
        intensive cough, respiratory rate < 25 /min, oxygen saturation (pulse oximetry) >95%

        scenario 3 a

        positive swab for covid-19

        - with respiratory and/or systemic symptoms and initial mild respiratory failure e with
        objective signs of lung involvement; the patient is in stable conditions (mews < 3)
        temperature>38°c and or intensive cough, respiratory rate ≥25 /min, or oxygen saturation
        94- 95% in room air

        exclusion criteria:

          -  pregnant or breast feeding

          -  hepatic failure child-pugh c

          -  enrollment in other pharmacological studies

          -  ongoing treatment with antiviral drugs that include ritonavir or cobicistat

          -  previous treatment with antiviral drugs that include ritonavir or cobicistat is not an
             exclusion criteria

          -  any medical condition or disease which in the opinion of the investigator may place
             the patient at unacceptable risk for study participation.
      


NCT04322682

        inclusion criteria:

          1. males and females, at least 40 years of age, capable and willing to provide informed
             consent;

          2. patient must have received a diagnosis of covid-19 infection within the last 24 hours;

          3. outpatient setting (not currently hospitalized or under immediate consideration for
             hospitalization);

          4. patient must possess at least one of the following high-risk criteria: 70 years or
             more of age, diabetes mellitus, uncontrolled hypertension (systolic blood pressure
             ≥150 mm hg), known respiratory disease (including asthma or chronic obstructive
             pulmonary disease), known heart failure, known coronary disease, fever of ≥38.4°c
             within the last 48 hours, dyspnea at the time of presentation, bicytopenia,
             pancytopenia, or the combination of high neutrophil count and low lymphocyte count;

          5. female patient is either not of childbearing potential, defined as postmenopausal for
             at least 1 year or surgically sterile, or is of childbearing potential and practicing
             at least one method of contraception and preferably two complementary forms of
             contraception including a barrier method (e.g. male or female condoms, spermicides,
             sponges, foams, jellies, diaphragm, intrauterine device (iud)) throughout the study
             and for 30 days after study completion;

          6. patient must be able and willing to comply with the requirements of this study
             protocol.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. patient currently hospitalized or under immediate consideration for hospitalization;

          2. patient currently in shock or with hemodynamic instability;

          3. patient with inflammatory bowel disease (crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis),
             chronic diarrhea or malabsorption;

          4. patient with pre-existent progressive neuromuscular disease;

          5. estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr), using the mdrd equation for all subjects
             being considered for enrollment, with a cut-off of < 30 ml/m in/1.73m2;

          6. patient with a history of cirrhosis, chronic active hepatitis or severe hepatic
             disease;

          7. female patient who is pregnant, or breast-feeding or is considering becoming pregnant
             during the study or for 6 months after the last dose of study medication;

          8. patient currently taking colchicine for other indications (mainly chronic indications
             represented by familial mediterranean fever or gout);

          9. patient with a history of an allergic reaction or significant sensitivity to
             colchicine;

         10. patient undergoing chemotherapy for cancer;

         11. patient is considered by the investigator, for any reason, to be an unsuitable
             candidate for the study.
      


NCT04322773

        inclusion criteria:

          -  sars-cov-2 infection confirmed by real time-pcr and

          -  positive imaging: consolidation, ground glass opacities, or bilateral pulmonary
             infiltration either by ct-scan or chest x-ray; and

          -  need of oxygen therapy to maintain so2>94% or fio2/pao2 > 20 and at least two of the
             following laboratory measures:

          -  crp level >70 mg/l

          -  crp level >= 40 mg/l and doubled within 48 hours (without other confirmed infectious
             or non-infectious course),

          -  lactatdehydrogenase > 250 u/l,

          -  thrombocytopenia < 120.000 x 10e9/l,

          -  lymphocyte count < 0.6 x 10e9/l,

          -  d-dimer > 1 ug/ml,

          -  serum ferritin > 300 ug/ml

        exclusion criteria:

          -  pregnancy suspected or confirmed,

          -  severe heart failure,

          -  suspected or confirmed bacterial infection,

          -  current solid or hematological malignancy,

          -  neutropenia,

          -  alat elevation more than three times the laboratory upper limit,

          -  asa class 5 (after covid19 admission) or higher at inclusion (prior admission),

          -  severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or heart failure (nyha class ii or
             higher),

          -  pregnant or lactating women,

          -  current treatment with conventional synthetic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs
             (dmards)/immunosuppressive agents including il-6 inhibitors, or with janus kinase
             inhibitors (jaki) in the past 30 days or plans to receive during the study period,

          -  current use of chronic oral corticosteroids in a dose higher than prednisone 10 mg or
             equivalent per day,

          -  previous or active tuberculosis (tb),

          -  hiv infection regardless of immunological status, hepatitis,

          -  evidence of recent (30 days) invasive bacterial or fungal infections,

          -  patients who have received immunosuppressive antibody therapy within the past 5
             months, including intravenous immunoglobulin or plans to receive during the study
             period,

          -  iv drug abuse,

          -  history of inflammatory bowel disease,

          -  diverticulitis,

          -  ulcer,

          -  perforated gastrointestinal tract,

          -  participation in any clinical research study evaluating an investigational product
             (ip) or therapy within 3 months and less than five half-lives of ip prior inclusion to
             the study,

          -  any physical examination findings and/or history of any illness that, in the opinion
             of the study investigator, might confound the results of the study or pose an
             additional risk to the patient by their participation in the study,

          -  inability to give informed consent.
      


NCT04322786

        inclusion criteria:

          -  we identify individuals aged 18 years or older and registered in the current primary
             care practice for at least one year.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  we exclude individuals with a prior history of influenza and viral pneumonia before
             study entry.
      


NCT04323332

        key inclusion criteria:

          1. patients were diagnosed as severe covid-19 according to the coronavirus disease
             (covid-19) treatment guidance (six edition)

          2. patients received a combined treatment of tcm and conventional therapy, or only
             conventional therapy.

        key exclusion criteria:

          1. age ＞85 years

          2. after cardiopulmonary resuscitation

          3. patients combined with other organ failure or conditions need icu monitoring and
             treatment, such as severe liver disease, severe renal dysfunction, upper
             gastrointestinal hemorrhage, disseminated intravascular coagulation.

          4. respiratory failure and need mechanical ventilation
      


NCT04323527

        inclusion criteria:

          -  male and female participants hospitalized due to severe respiratory syndrome with or
             without a confirmatory diagnosis of sars-cov-2

          -  aged over 18 years old

          -  provide written informed consent prior to the commencement of any study procedure

        meeting at least one the following criteria:

          -  age over 51 years or

          -  pre-existing pulmonary disease or

          -  decompensated chronic kidney impairment or

          -  decompensated diabetes or

          -  systemic arterial hypertension or

          -  cardiovascular disease or

          -  use of immunobiological drugs or

          -  use of immunosuppressive drugs or

          -  hiv/aids patients (cd4+ lymphocytes below 250) or

          -  cancer.

        and in addition to hospitalization, patients must present at least one of the following
        criteria:

          -  respiratory rate higher than 24 breathing incursions per minute or

          -  heart rate higher than 125 beats per minute (in the absence of fever) or

          -  peripheral oxygen saturation lower than 90% in ambient air or

          -  shock (defined as mean arterial pressure less than 65 mmhg, requiring vasopressor or
             oliguria or lowering level of consciousness)

        exclusion criteria:

        • none.
      


NCT04323592

        inclusion criteria:

          1. sars-cov-2 positive

          2. age >17 years and < 80 years

          3. p/f < 250 mmhg

          4. bilateral pneumonia (infiltrates/interstitial)

          5. crp >10mg/dl (or >100mg/l)

          6. alternatively to 4-5-6 criteria a diagnosis of ards according to the berlin definition
             (jama 2012)

        exclusion criteria:

          -  heart failure as predominant cause of acute respiratory failure

          -  decompensated liver cirrhosis

          -  cancer

          -  organ transplantation

          -  hiv+

          -  dialysis

          -  long-term oxygen therapy

          -  idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis

          -  progressive neurmomuscular disorders (e.g. duchenne, pompe, als)

          -  immunosupressive treatments

          -  chronic use of corticosteroids

          -  use of tocilizumab

          -  pregnancy
      


NCT04323631

        inclusion criteria:

          -  adult patients (>18 years)

          -  confirmed covid-19 infection by real-time pcr from a respiratory or other body sample
             within 48 hours of testing.

          -  mild to moderate infection or asymptomatic patients with comorbidities: symptomatic
             patients with fever >37.9ºc or cough or dyspnea or chest pain, not fulfilling severity
             exclusion criteria. we will include patients regardless of time since symptom onset.
             in addition, we will include asymptomatic patients with comorbidities including
             cardiac, pulmonary, diabetes, chronic renal failure or liver disease hospitalized for
             observation.

          -  informed consent from patient or legal representative.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  severe infection, defined as need for invasive or non-invasive ventilator support,
             ecmo or shock requiring vasopressor support.

          -  unable to take oral medication

          -  known allergy to hcq or chloroquine

          -  prolonged qt, defined as qtc ≥450 milliseconds for men and as qtc ≥470 for women

          -  severely reduced lv function (ejection fraction<30%)

          -  retinopathy

          -  pregnancy or breast feeding

          -  concomitant treatment with azithromycin, flecainide, amiodarone, digoxin,
             procainamide, propafenone, thioridazine, pimozide.

          -  chronic chloroquine/ hcq treatment (within 1 month)

          -  need for hemodialysis

          -  participating in another rct for treatment of covid-19
      


NCT04323761

        inclusion criteria:

          -  willing and able to provide written informed consent, or with a legal representative
             who can provide informed consent, or enrolled under international conference on
             harmonization (ich) e6(r2) 4.8.15 emergency use provisions as deemed necessary by the
             investigator (participants ≥ 18 years of age)

          -  hospitalized with confirmed sars-cov2 by polymerase chain reaction (pcr) or known
             contact of confirmed case with syndrome consistent with coronavirus disease (covid-19)
             with pcr pending

          -  requiring invasive mechanical ventilation (e.g., via endotracheal intubation or
             tracheostomy)

          -  adequate renal function with estimated glomerular filtration rate (egrf) ≥ 30 ml/min
             by local laboratory measure

          -  alanine aminotransferase (alt) ≤ 5 x upper limit of normal (uln) by local laboratory
             measure

        exclusion criteria:

          -  evidence of multiorgan failure

          -  pressor requirement to maintain blood pressure

          -  renal failure (egrf < 30 ml/min or dialysis or continuous veno-venous hemofiltration)

          -  pregnancy
      


NCT04324073

        inclusion criteria:

          1. patients included in the corimuno-19 cohort

          2. patients belonging to one of the 2 following groups:

               -  group 1: patients not requiring icu at admission with moderate and severe
                  pneumopathy according to the oms criteria of severity of covid pneumopathy.

        moderate cases :

        cases meeting all of the following criteria:

          -  showing fever and respiratory symptoms with radiological findings of pneumonia.

          -  requiring between 3l/min and 5l/min of oxygen to maintain spo2 >97% severe cases

        cases meeting any of the following criteria:

          -  respiratory distress (≧30 breaths/ min);

          -  oxygen saturation≤93% at rest in ambient air; or oxygen saturation ≤97 % with o2 >
             5l/min.

          -  pao2/fio2≦300mmhg

          -  group 2: patients requiring icu based on criteria of severity of covid pneumopathy.

          -  respiratory failure and requiring mechanical ventilation

          -  no do-not-resuscitate order (dnr order)

        exclusion criteria:

          -  patients with exclusion criteria to the corimuno-19 cohort.

          -  known hypersensitivity to sarilumab or to any of their excipients.

          -  pregnancy

          -  current documented bacterial infection

          -  patient with any of following laboratory results out of the ranges detailed below at
             screening should be discussed depending of the medication:

          -  absolute neutrophil count (anc) ≤ 1.0 x 109/l

          -  haemoglobin level: no limitation

          -  platelets (plt) < 50 g /l

          -  sgot or sgpt > 5n
      


NCT04324463

        inclusion criteria:

          -  age ≥ 18 years of age

          -  informed consent

          -  covid-19 confirmed by established testing

        exclusion criteria:

          -  known glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (g6pd) deficiency

          -  contra-indication to chloroquine or azithromycin

          -  already receiving chloroquine or azithromycin
      


NCT04324489

        key inclusion criteria:

          1. positive for rna of sars-cov-2 from respiratory specimens or blood specimens

          2. hypoxemic

          3. severe covid-19

          4. if female, subject must not be pregnant or nursing.

          5. non-vasectomized males are required to practice effective birth control methods

          6. capable of understanding and complying with procedures as outlined in the protocol as
             judged by the investigator and able to sign informed consent form prior to the
             initiation of any screening or study-specific procedures.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. alt or ast> 8 x uln

          2. (alt or ast> 3 x uln) and (total bilirubin> 2.5 x uln or inr> 2.0 x uln)

          3. female subjects who have a positive pregnancy test and are breastfeeding

          4. subjects using any other investigational antiviral drugs during the hospitalization
             before enrollment.

          5. subjects participating in other clinical trials

          6. subjects may be transferred to a non-participating hospital within 72 hours

          7. people who cannot cooperate well due to mental illness, have no self-control, and
             cannot express clearly

          8. severe underlying diseases affecting survival

          9. critical covid-19 requiring mechanical ventilator at the time enrolled
      


NCT04325061

        inclusion criteria:

          -  age 18 years or older;

          -  positive reverse-transcriptase-polymerase-chain-reaction (rt-pcr) assay for covid-19
             in a respiratory tract sample;

          -  intubated and mechanically ventilated;

          -  acute onset of ards, as defined by berlin criteria as moderate-to-severe ards,3 which
             includes: (i) having pneumonia or worsening respiratory symptoms, (ii) bilateral
             pulmonary infiltrates on chest imaging (x-ray or ct scan), (iii) absence of left
             atrial hypertension, pulmonary capillary wedge pressure <18 mmhg, or no clinical signs
             of left heart failure, and (iv) hypoxemia, as defined by a pao2/fio2 ratio of ≤200
             mmhg on positive end-expiratory pressure (peep) of ≥5 cmh2o, regardless of fio2.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  patients with a known contraindication to corticosteroids,

          -  decision by a physician that involvement in the trial is not in the patient's best
             interest,

          -  pregnancy and breast-feeding.
      


NCT04325633

        inclusion criteria:

          -  covid-19 infected patient

          -  age 18 years or older

          -  presence of pneumonia

          -  pao2/fio2 < 300 mm hg or spo2 < 93% in air ambient or need to supplementary oxygen
             administration in order to maintain spo2 range in [94-98%] or lung infiltrates > 50%

          -  medical insurance

        exclusion criteria:

          -  presence of do-not-resuscitate order

          -  pregnancy

          -  prisoners

          -  known naproxen allergy or intolerance

          -  severe renal failure
      


NCT04325893

        inclusion criteria:

          -  infection with covid-19 diagnosed by positive rt-pcr sars-cov-2 or, if not performed,
             by thorax ct-scan suggesting viral pneumonia of peripheral predominance in a
             clinically significant context.

          -  diagnosed within the previous 48 hours.

          -  having at least one of the following two risk factors for complications:

          -  age ≥75 years old

          -  peripheral oxygen saturation (spo2) ≤ 94% while breathing ambient air, or a partial
             oxygen pressure (pao2) to fraction of inspired oxygen (fio2) ratio ≤ 300 mmhg.

          -  patients affiliated with or benefitting from a social security scheme

          -  written and signed consent of the patient or a relative or, if not possible, emergency
             inclusion procedure

          -  electrocardiogram showing absence of qt prolongation greater than 440 ms in men and
             460 ms in women.

        exclusion criteria

          -  negative rt-pcr sars-cov-2

          -  peripheral capillary oxygen saturation less than or equal to 94% (spo2≤94%) despite
             oxygen therapy greater than or equal to 3 l/min (≥ 3 l/min)

          -  organ failure requiring admission to a resuscitation or high dependency unit

          -  comorbidity that is life-threatening in the short-term (life expectancy <3 months)

          -  any reason that makes follow-up at day 28 impossible

          -  current treatment with hydroxychloroquine

          -  absolute contraindication to treatment with hydroxychloroquine (known
             hypersensitivity, concomitant treatment with risk of torsades de pointe)

          -  electrocardiogram showing corrected qt prolongation greater than 440 ms in men and 460
             ms in women.

          -  pregnant, lactating or parturient women
      


NCT04326036

        inclusion criteria:

          -  must have confirmed and documented coronaviral (covid-19) infection history with
             involvement of lung tissues

          -  must be clear of any viral shed residual confirmed by negative viral testing protocol
             accepted by the center for disease control (cdc) and/or the fda

          -  must have discharge confirmation from infectious disease managing provider declaring
             freedom of viral load or active infection

          -  must have a written medical history of physical and discharge summary (if
             hospitalized) from appropriate center or licensed medical provider

          -  must agree to provide a hrct lung study done at baseline (before), 3 months and 6
             months

          -  must be able to provide full informed consent (icf)

        exclusion criteria:

          -  active or positive testing of covid-19 with clinical report and discharge summary from
             hospital or treatment facility

          -  lung disorder without prior confirmation by approved test protocol of history of
             covid-19

          -  patient health or condition deemed dangerous or inappropriate for transport, exceeding
             acceptable stress for transport or care needed to achieve access to the clinical
             facility, at the discretion of the providers

          -  expected lifespan of < 6 months

          -  serious of life threatening co-morbidities, that in the opinion of the investigators,
             may compromise the safety or compliance with the study guidelines and tracking
      


NCT04326426

        inclusion criteria:

          -  adults aged 18-90

          -  confirmed laboratory covid-19 infection by rt-pcr

          -  meeting severe or critical criteria of covid-19 infection as defined at treating
             hospital

          -  confirmed pneumonia by chest radiograph or computed tomography

          -  fever defined as temperature ≥ 36.6 °c armpit, ≥ 37.2 °c oral, or ≥ 37.8 °c rectal

          -  oxygen saturation less than 92%

        exclusion criteria:

          -  recent use of illicit drugs or alcohol abuse

          -  known allergy to tradipitant or other neurokinin-1 antagonists

          -  pregnancy

          -  known hiv, hbv, or hcv infection

          -  malignant tumor, other serious systemic diseases

          -  inability to provide informed consent or to have an authorized relative or designated
             person provide informed consent, or to comply with the protocol requirements
      


NCT04326725

        inclusion criteria: 1.person who are working as health professional 2. their first degree
        relatives( child, spouse or parents)

        exclusion criteria: 1. already using plaquenil for other reasons(ra etc) 2. person with the
        diagnosis of covid infection 3.person with the condition may cause complications with this
        medication (severe cvd, av block, already has ophtalmological complications, organ failure
        of any degree etc)

        -
      


NCT04326790

        inclusion criteria:

        patients >18 years old with laboratory confirmed sars-cov-2 infection (rt pcr) and body
        temperature >37.5 degrees centigrade and at least two of: i. sustained coughing, ii.
        sustained throat pain, iii. anosmia and/or ageusia, iv. fatigue/tiredness, v. pao2<95 mmhg.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  pregnancy, lactation;

          -  known hypersensitivity to colchicine

          -  known hepatic failure

          -  egfr<20 ml/min

          -  clinical estimation that the patient will require mechanical respiratory support in
             less than 24 hours

          -  any clinical estimation of the attending physician under which the patient shall be
             excluded

          -  qtc > 450 msec (colchicine is not known to significantly prolong qtc, but may interact
             with other medications which prolong qtc).

          -  participation in another clinical trial

          -  under colchicine treatment for other indications

          -  patient who is not likely to comply to study procedures
      


NCT04326920

        inclusion criteria:

          -  recent (≤2weeks prior to randomization) pcr(polymerase chain reaction) -confirmed
             covid-19 infection

          -  presence of acute hypoxic respiratory failure defined as (either or both)

               -  saturation below 93% on minimal 2 l/min o2

               -  pao2/fio2 below 300

          -  admitted to specialized covid-19 ward

          -  age 18-80

          -  male or female

          -  willing to provide informed consent

        exclusion criteria:

          -  patients with known history of serious allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis, to
             human granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor such as sargramostim,
             yeast-derived products, or any component of the product.

          -  mechanical ventilation before start of study

          -  patients with peripheral white blood cell count above 25.000 per microliter and/or
             active myeloid malignancy

          -  patients on high dose systemic steroids (> 20 mg methylprednisolone or equivalent)

          -  patients on lithium carbonate therapy

          -  patients enrolled in another investigational drug study

          -  pregnant or breastfeeding females (all female subjects regardless of childbearing
             potential status must have negative pregnancy test at screening)

          -  patients with serum ferritin >2000 mcg/ml (which will exclude ongoing hlh)
      


NCT04327206

        inclusion criteria:

          -  over 18 years of age

          -  employed by one of the hospitals involved in the study

          -  provide a signed and dated informed consent form

          -  pre-randomisation blood collected

        exclusion criteria:

          -  has any bcg vaccine contraindication

          -  fever or generalised skin infection (where feasible, randomisation can be delayed
             until cleared)

          -  weakened resistance toward infections due to a disease in/of the immune system

          -  receiving medical treatment that affects the immune response or other
             immunosuppressive therapy in the last year. these therapies include systemic
             corticosteroids (more than or equal to 20 mg for more than or equal to 2 weeks),
             non-biological immunosuppressant (also known as 'dmards'), biological agents (such as
             monoclonal antibodies against tumour necrosis factor (tnf)-alpha).

          -  has a congenital cellular immunodeficiency, including specific deficiencies of the
             interferon-gamma pathway

          -  has a malignancy involving bone marrow or lymphoid systems

          -  has any serious underlying illness (such as malignancy). please note: people with
             cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes, and/or chronic respiratory disease are
             eligible if not immunocompromised

          -  known or suspected hiv infection, even if asymptomatic or has normal immune function.
             this is because of the risk of disseminated bcg infection

          -  has active skin disease such as eczema, dermatitis or psoriasis at or near the site of
             vaccination. a different site (other than left arm) can be chosen if necessary

          -  pregnant or breastfeeding although there is no evidence that bcg vaccination is
             harmful during pregnancy or breastfeeding, it is a contra-indication to bcg
             vaccination. therefore, we will exclude women who think they could be pregnant.

          -  another live vaccine administered in the month prior to randomisation

          -  require another live vaccine to be administered within the month following bcg
             randomisation if the other live vaccine can be given on the same day, this exclusion
             criteria does not apply

          -  known anaphylactic reaction to any of the ingredient present in the bcg vaccine

          -  bcg vaccine given within the last year

          -  has previously had a sars-cov-2 positive test result

          -  already part of this trial, recruited at a different hospital
      


NCT04327388

        inclusion criteria :

        participants must be ≥18 years of age participants must be hospitalized with evidence of
        pneumonia and have one of the following disease categories: severe disease, multi-system
        organ dysfunction or critical disease laboratory-confirmed sars-cov-2 infection

        exclusion criteria:

        unlikely to survive after 48 hours from screening or unlikely to remain at the
        investigational site beyond 48 hours presence of neutropenia less than 2000/mmˆ3, aspartate
        aminotransferase (ast) or alt greater than 5 x uln, platelets less than 50,000/mmˆ3 prior
        immunosuppressive therapies use of chronic oral corticosteroids for non-covid-19 related
        condition known or suspected history of tuberculosis suspected or known active systemic
        bacterial or fungal infections

        the above information is not intended to contain all considerations relevant to a patient's
        potential participation in a clinical trial.
      


NCT04327401

        inclusion criteria:

          -  probable or confirmed infection by sars-cov2

          -  moderate/severe ards defined by the berlin criteria (pao2/fio2 ≤200mmhg with peep
             ≥5cmh20)

          -  development of moderate/severe ards in less than 24h before randomization

        exclusion criteria:

          -  pregnancy or active lactation

          -  known history of dexamethasone allergy

          -  daily use of corticosteroids in the past 15 days

          -  refractory septic shock with the indication of corticosteroids use or any other
             clinical indication for corticosteroids

          -  patient expected to die in the next 24h
      


NCT04327505

        inclusion criteria:

          1. aged 18-90 years

          2. the patient is likely to fulfill the ards criteria (berlin definition) and need
             intubation, ventilator-assisted or ecmo-assisted treatment within 7 days of admission
             to hospital

          3. suspected or verified covid-19 infection

          4. at least one risk factor for increased mortality in covid-19: currently published e.g.
             smoking, hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disease

          5. documented informed consent according to ich-gcp and national regulations

        exclusion criteria:

          1. ards caused by other viral infections (negative sars-cov-2)

          2. ards caused by other non-viral infections or trauma

          3. known pregnancy or positive pregnancy test in women

          4. patients with previous lung fibrosis

          5. ct- or spirometry-verified severe copd with emphysema

          6. contraindication for hbo according to local guidelines

          7. do not resuscitate (dnr) or other restrictions in escalation of level of care
      


NCT04328012

        inclusion criteria

          1. hospitalized patient

          2. laboratory confirmation of sars-cov-2 infection </= 72 hr prior to randomization

          3. randomization within 72 hr of hospital admission

          4. negative pregnancy test for reproductive age women

          5. patient or lar able to provide informed consent

        exclusion criteria, general (all groups)

          1. end stage renal disease (esrd) not undergoing renal replacement therapy

          2. severe hepatic insufficiency (lfts > 5 times the upper limit of normal or known esld
             or cirrhosis)

          3. nausea/vomiting or aspiration risk precluding oral medications unless can be given by
             gastric tube

          4. use of another sars-cov-2 directed medication empirically or within another clinical
             trial within the prior week

          5. pregnancy or breast feeding

          6. absence of dependable contraception in reproductive age women

          7. inability to obtain or declined informed consent

        exclusion criteria, group specific group 1 (lopinavir/ritonavir)

          1. allergy or intolerance to lopinavir/ritonavir

          2. already taking lopinavir/ritonavir (within 1 month)

          3. known hiv infection and/or taking antiretroviral therapy for another indication

          4. co-administration with certain drugs due to cyp3a interactions if taken in < 24 hr

        group 2 (hydroxychloroquine)

          1. allergy or intolerance to hydroxychloroquine (or chloroquine)

          2. already taking hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine (within 1 month)

          3. recent malaria exposure (within 1 month)

          4. history or current cardiac diseases (heart failure, ventricular arrhythmias, lbbb or
             rbbb, qtc prolongation)

          5. history of retinopathy

          6. severe hypoglycemia

          7. auditory disorders

          8. known g6pd deficiency

          9. porphyria or psoriasis

         10. severe active alcohol use disorder (not in remission)

         11. seizure disorder

         12. co-administration of significant hepatotoxic agents (acetaminophen in standard dosing
             would not be included)

         13. co-administration with certain drugs due to cyp3a interactions if taken in < 24 hr

        group 3 (losartan)

          1. allergy or intolerance to losartan (or ace inhibitors or other arbs)

          2. already taking ace or arb (within 1 month)

          3. hypotension

          4. hyperkalemia (k >/= 5.0 at time of screening or history of hyperkalemia)

          5. blood pressure < 110/70 mm hg or history of hypotension or recent (within 1 month) or
             recurrent syncope

          6. severe renal dysfunction (estimated gfr < 30 ml/min at time of screening or history
             advanced renal disease)

          7. severe volume depletion or acute kidney injury (aki)

          8. known cirrhotic ascites

          9. known severe aortic or mitral valve stenosis

         10. known unstented renal artery stenosis

         11. co-administration with certain drugs due to cyp3a interactions if taken in < 24 hr

        group 4 (standard care [placebo])

        1. none
      


NCT04328272

        inclusion criteria:

          -  confirmed cases of covid-19 (all by rt-pcr from same laboratory)

          -  mild to severe clinical presentation (identified at the time of admission to ward by
             national early warning score news-2; mild 0-4; severe 5-6)

        exclusion criteria:

          -  covid-19 critically ill patients (news-2 score <7),

          -  unable to take oral medication,

          -  immunocompromised,

          -  creatinine clearance (ccl) < 30 ml/min,

          -  aspartate transaminase (ast) or alanine transaminase (alt) > 5 times upper limit of
             normal (uln),

          -  d-dimer > 2microgram per liter, or

          -  known comorbid condition like hypertension, cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellites,
             asthma, copd, cerebrovascular disorder, malignancy of any type, pregnancy,

          -  bmi less than 18

          -  smoking history (one pack per day) for past six months
      


NCT04328285

        inclusion criteria:

          -  adult healthcare workers (hcws) (physicians, nurses, assistant nurses, dentists,
             physiotherapists, and midwives)

          -  hcw involved at the time of enrolment in the care of patients with confirmed or
             suspected sars-cov-2 infection in hospital settings, in outpatient care settings or in
             geriatric long-term care facilities

          -  hcw tested negative for hiv

          -  hcw affiliated to the french health insurance system

          -  hcw women of childbearing age with an effective contraception
             (ethinylestradiol-containing contraceptive pills are not regarded as effective in the
             context of lpv/r treatment)

          -  willing to comply to study design and the follow-up

        exclusion criteria:

          -  hcw with positive sars-cov-2 rt-pcr of nasopharyngeal swab at the inclusion visit.

          -  hcw with past history of confirmed sars-cov-2 infection

          -  hcw with positive sars-cov-2 serology at the inclusion visit (if the serology is
             available at inclusion time, if sars-cov-2 serology is not available, it will be a
             secondary exclusion criteria)

          -  hcw with comorbidities such as chronic hepatitis c virus (hcv) infection treated by
             direct antiviral drugs or with hypothyroidism that need hormonal substitution, or
             retinopathy, or known to have hypercholesterolemia hypertriglyceridemia

          -  pregnant hcw

          -  breastfeeding hcw

          -  hcw taking comedications known to have interactions with hcq according to the official
             characteristics of the product
      


NCT04328441

        inclusion criteria:

          -  adult (≥18 years)

          -  male or female

          -  hospital personnel (expected to) taking care for patients with sars cov-2 infection

        exclusion criteria:

          -  known allergy to (components of) the bcg vaccine or serious adverse events to prior
             bcg administration

          -  known active or latent mycobacterium tuberculosis or with another mycobacterial
             species. a history with- or a suspicion of m. tuberculosis infection.

          -  fever (>38 c) within the past 24 hours

          -  pregnancy

          -  suspicion of active viral or bacterial infection

          -  vaccination in the past 4 weeks or expected vaccination during the study period,
             independent of the type of vaccination.

          -  severely immunocompromised subjects. this exclusion category comprises: a) subjects
             with known infection by the human immunodeficiency virus (hiv-1); b) neutropenic
             subjects with less than 500 neutrophils/mm3; c) subjects with solid organ
             transplantation; d) subjects with bone marrow transplantation; e) subjects under
             chemotherapy; f) subjects with primary immunodeficiency; g) severe lymphopenia with
             less than 400 lymphocytes/mm3; h) treatment with any anti-cytokine therapies. i)
             treatment with oral or intravenous steroids defined as daily doses of 10mg prednisone
             or equivalent for longer than 3 months, or probable use of oral or intravenous
             steroids in the following four weeks

          -  active solid or non-solid malignancy or lymphoma within the prior two years

          -  direct involvement in the design or the execution of the bcg-corona study

          -  expected absence from work of ≥4 of the following 12 weeks due to any reason
             (holidays, maternity leave, retirement, planned surgery etc)

          -  employed to the hospital < 22 hours per week

          -  not in possession of a smartphone
      


NCT04328467

        inclusion criteria:

        - a healthcare worker at high risk for covid-19 exposure (defined below):

          -  persons primarily working in emergency departments (physicians, nurses, ancillary
             staff, triage personnel)

          -  persons primarily working in intensive care units (physicians, nurses, ancillary
             staff, respiratory therapists)

          -  persons performing aerosol generating procedures (i.e. anesthesiologists, nurse
             anesthetists (crnas)

          -  first responders (i.e. emts, paramedics)

        exclusion criteria:

          -  active covid-19 disease

          -  prior covid-19 disease

          -  current fever, cough, shortness of breath

          -  allergy to chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine

          -  prior retinal eye disease

          -  known chronic kidney disease, stage 4 or 5 or dialysis

          -  known glucose-6 phosphate dehydrogenase (g-6-pd) deficiency

          -  weight <40 kg

          -  prolonged qt syndrome

          -  current use of hydroxychloroquine, chloroquine, or cardiac medicines of flecainide,
             amiodarone, digoxin, procainamide, or propafenone

          -  current use of medications with known significant drug-drug interactions: artemether,
             lumefantrine, mefloquine, tamoxifen, or methotrexate.
      


NCT04328480

        inclusion criteria (case definition)

          -  consented adults (age ≥18 years)

          -  covid-19 suspicious and

          -  admitted to hospital or already in hospital and

          -  fever (with or without at the time of randomization) and

          -  sars (severe acute respiratory syndrome)

               -  shortness of breath (dyspnea) or

               -  image of typical or atypical pneumonia or

               -  oxygen desaturation (spo2 ≤ 93)

        exclusion criteria

          -  hospitalized patients with known covid-19 negative pcr or

          -  clear indication or contraindication for the use of colchicine

          -  pregnant or breastfeeding female.
      


NCT04328493

        1. laboratory-confirmed sars-cov-2 infection as determined by pcr, or other commercial or
             public health assay in any specimen < 48 hours prior to randomization, and requiring
             hospital admission in the opinion of the attending physician.

          2. provides written informed consent prior to initiation of any study procedures (or
             legally authorized representative).

          3. understands and agrees to comply with planned study procedures.

          4. agrees to the collection of op swabs and venous blood per protocol.

          5. male or female adult ≥18 years of age at time of enrollment.
      


NCT04328961

        inclusion criteria:

          -  men or women 18 to 80 years of age inclusive, at the time of signing the informed
             consent

          -  willing and able to provide informed consent

          -  had a close contact of a person (index) with known pcr-confirmed sars-cov-2 infection
             or who is currently being assessed for covid-19. close contact defined as:

               1. household contact (i.e., residing with the index case in the 14 days prior to
                  index diagnosis)

               2. medical staff, first responders, or other care persons who cared for the index
                  case without personal protection (mask and gloves)

          -  less than 4 days since last exposure (close contact with a person with sars-cov-2
             infection) to the index case

          -  body weight < 100 kg (self-reported)

          -  access to device and internet for telehealth visits

        exclusion criteria:

          -  known hypersensitivity to hcq or other 4-aminoquinoline compounds

          -  currently hospitalized

          -  symptomatic with subjective fever, cough, or sore throat

          -  current medications exclude concomitant use of hcq

          -  concomitant use of other anti-malarial treatment or chemoprophylaxis

          -  history of retinopathy of any etiology

          -  psoriasis

          -  porphyria

          -  known bone marrow disorders with significant neutropenia (polymorphonuclear leukocytes
             < 1500) or thrombocytopenia (< 100 k)

          -  concomitant use of digoxin, cyclosporin, cimetidine, or tamoxifen

          -  known liver disease

          -  known long qt syndrome

          -  use of any investigational or non-registered drug or vaccine within 30 days preceding
             the first dose of the study drugs, or planned use during the study period
      


NCT04329195

        inclusion criteria:

          -  age ≥ 18 years old.

          -  chronically treated with ras blockers (ace inhibitors or arbs on the last prescription
             prior to admission with a treatment duration ≥ 1 month).

          -  diagnosis of covid-19 confirmed by the presence of sars-cov-2 on any biological sample
             with any detection method.

          -  patients hospitalized in a non-intensive care unit.

          -  pregnancy test at inclusion visit for women of childbearing potential.

          -  women of childbearing potential must agree to use adequate contraception according to
             recommendations related to contraception and pregnancy testing in clinical trials, by
             clinical trial facilitation group (ctfg).

        exclusion criteria:

          -  shock requiring vasoactive agents.

          -  acute respiratory distress syndrome requiring invasive mechanical ventilation.

          -  circulatory assistance.

          -  history of malignant hypertension according to the definition of the 2018 esc/esh
             guidelines on hypertension.

          -  uncontrolled blood pressure despite the use of five antihypertensive drugs.

          -  history of nephrotic syndrome.

          -  history of hospitalization for hemorrhagic stroke in the past 3 months.

          -  ras blockers therapy previously stopped > 48h.

          -  no affiliation to the french health care system "sécurité sociale".

          -  inability to obtain informed consent.
      


NCT04329572

        inclusion criteria:

          1. informed consent from patient or legal representative.

          2. male or female, aged ≥ 18 years;

          3. laboratory confirmation of 2019-ncov infection by reverse-transcription polymerase
             chain reaction (rt-pcr) from any diagnostic sampling source;

          4. at least one of the characteristic symptoms of covid-19

          5. hospitalized for up to 36h with non-invasive ventilation or up to 24h with invasive
             ventilation.

          6. negative result for pregnancy test (if applicable).

        exclusion criteria:

          1. participating in another rct in the past 12 months;

          2. known allergy to hcq or chloroquine

          3. any contraindication to htc or azt, including retinopathy and prolonged qt,

          4. severely reduced lv function

          5. severely reduced renal function;

          6. pregnancy or breast feeding

          7. any other clinical condition which, in the opinion of the principal investigator,
             would not allow safe completion of the protocol and safe administration of the
             investigational products
      


NCT04329611

        inclusion criteria:

          1. confirmed sars-cov-2 infection, defined as rt-pcr provincial laboratory confirmation.

          2. self-reported symptoms of sars-cov-2 infection including any of the following: fever
             ≥37.5°c, cough, dyspnea, chest tightness, malaise, sore throat, myalgias, or coryza

          3. time from a positive test result to day 1 of treatment <96 hours

          4. time from patient reported first symptoms to day 1 of treatment <12 days

          5. adults, age 18 and over, with any risk factor for severe disease

          6. resident of alberta or if not a resident of alberta able to provide complete follow-up
             data

          7. agrees to use adequate contraception for the duration of the study

          8. informed consent

        exclusion criteria:

          1. currently or imminently planned admission to hospital

          2. any contraindication to hydroxychloroquine

          3. participation in an ongoing interventional clinical trial within the previous 30 days

          4. use of hydroxychloroquine (plaquenil) or chloroquine, lumefantrine, mefloquine, or
             quinine within the previous 30 days.

          5. inability to swallow pills or any other reason that compliance with the medical
             regimen is not likely

          6. pregnant or breastfeeding

          7. severe underlying disease where treatment is not likely to be beneficial to the
             patient.
      


NCT04329650

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age ≥ 18 years old.

          2. hospitalized patient (or documentation of a hospitalization plan if the patient is in
             an emergency department) with illness of more than 5 days of duration with evidence of
             pneumonia by chest radiography / tomography computed chest and meets at least one of
             the following requirements:

               1. non-critical patient with pneumonia in radiological progression and / or

               2. patient with progressive respiratory failure at the last 24-48 hours.

          3. laboratory confirmed sars-cov-2 infection (by pcr) or other commercialized analysis or
             public health in any sample collected 4 days before the randomization or covid-19
             criteria following the defined diagnostic criteria at that time in the center.

          4. patient with a maximum o2 support of 35%

          5. be willing and able to comply with the study related procedures / evaluations.

          6. women of childbearing potential * should have a negative serum pregnancy test before
             enrollment in the study and must commit to using methods highly effective
             contraceptives (intrauterine device, bilateral tubal occlusion, vasectomized couple
             and sexual abstinence).

          7. written informed consent. in case of inability of the patient to sign the informed
             consent, a verbal informed consent from the legal representative or family witness (or
             failing this, an impartial witness outside the investigator team) will be obtained by
             phone.

        when circumstances so allow, participants should sign the consent form. the confirmation of
        the verbal informed consent will be documented in a document as evidence that verbal
        consent has been obtained.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. patient who, in the investigator's opinion, is unlikely to survive> 48 hours after the
             inclusion in the study.

          2. presence of any of the following abnormal analytical values at the time of the
             inclusion in the study:

               -  absolute neutrophil count less than 2000 / mm3;

               -  ast or alt> 5 times the upper limit of normality;

               -  platelets <50,000 per mm3.

          3. in active treatment with immunosuppressants or previous prolonged treatment (more 3
             months) of oral corticosteroids for a disease not related to covid-19 at a dose
             greater than 10 mg of prednisone or equivalent per day.

          4. known active tuberculosis or known history of tuberculosis uncompleted treatment.

          5. patients with active systemic bacterial and / or fungal infections.

          6. participants who, at the investigator's discretion, are not eligible to participate,
             regardless of the reason, including medical or clinical conditions, or participants
             potentially at risk of not following study procedures.

          7. patients who do not have entry criteria in the intensive care unit.

          8. pregnancy or lactation.

          9. known hypersensitivity to siltuximab or to any of its excipients (histidine, histidine
             hydrochloride, polysorbate 80 and sucrose).
      


NCT04329832

        inclusion criteria:

          -  adult (age ≥ 18 years)

          -  confirmed or suspected covid-19,

               -  confirmed: positive assay for covid-19 within the last 10 days

               -  suspected: pending assay for covid-19 with high clinical suspicion

          -  scheduled for admission or already admitted to an inpatient bed

          -  patients must be enrolled within 48 hours of hospital admission

        exclusion criteria:

          -  allergy to hydroxychloroquine or azithromycin

          -  history of bone marrow transplant

          -  known g6pd deficiency

          -  chronic hemodialysis or glomerular filtration rate < 20ml/min

          -  psoriasis

          -  porphyria

          -  concomitant use of digitalis, flecainide, amiodarone, procainamide, or propafenone

          -  known history of long qt syndrome

          -  current known qtc>500 msec

          -  pregnant or nursing

          -  prisoner

          -  weight < 35kg

          -  severe liver disease

          -  seizure disorder
      


NCT04329923

        inclusion criteria:

          -  age ≥ 18 years old (sub-studies 2 and 3)

          -  competent and capable to provide informed consent

          -  have access to a smart device such as a cell phone, tablet, laptop computer with
             necessary data/internet accessibility

          -  subjects meeting the following criteria by sub-study

        sub-study 1:

          -  age ≥40 years since the risk of prolonged disease that progresses to severe covid-19
             disease increases with age.

          -  pcr-positive for the sars-cov2 virus

          -  (fever, and cough, or fever and shortness of breath,

          -  ≤4 days since the first symptoms of covid-19 and date of testing

          -  not taking azithromycin

          -  not requiring hospitalization and is sent home for quarantine.

          -  must live within 30 miles of hup or penn presbytarian medical center to facilitate
             drop-off of medication

          -  must own a working computer, or smartphone and have internet access

          -  must be willing to fill out a daily symptom diary

          -  must be available for a daily phone call,

          -  must take their own temperature twice a day

          -  must be willing to report the observed symptoms and development of covid-19 in the
             co-inhabitants of the residence at which the quarantine will be served.

        sub-study 2 hospitalized non-icu service patients.

          -  pcr-positive for sars-cov-2

          -  patients admitted to a floor bed at hospital of the university of pennsylvania or penn
             presbyterian.

          -  one or more of the following risk factors for progression to severe disease including:
             immunocompromising conditions, structural lung disease, hypertension, coronary artery
             disease, diabetes, age > 60, ferritin > 850, crp > 6, d-dimer > 1000 sub-study 3
             health care worker prevention

          -  emergency medicine or infectious disease team physician or nurse at hup or ppmc

          -  ≥20 hours per week of clinical work scheduled in the coming 2 months during the
             covid-19 pandemic

          -  no fever, cough, or shortness of breath in the past 2 weeks

          -  willing to report compliance with hcq in the form of a diary

          -  patients must be able to swallow and retain oral medication and must not have any
             clinically significant gastrointestinal abnormalities that may alter absorption such
             as malabsorption syndrome or major resection of the stomach or bowels.

        exclusion criteria <18 years of age

          -  prisoners or other detained persons

          -  allergy to hydroxychloroquine pregnant or lactating or positive pregnancy test

          -  receiving any treatment drug for 2019-ncov within 14 days prior to screening
             evaluation (off label, compassionate use or trial related).

          -  co-enrollment onto another covid-19 study is not allowed unless there is approval by
             the medical monitor in consultation with the pi and em and id sub-i leaders.

          -  known history of retinal disease including but not limited to age related macular
             degeneration.

          -  taking any of the following medications that prolong qtc:

        chlorpromazine.haloperidol, droperidol, quetiapine, olanzapine. amisulpride. thioridazine

          -  history of interstitial lung disease or chronic pneumonitis unrelated covid-19.

          -  due to risk of disease exacerbation patients with porphyria or psoriasis are
             ineligible unless the disease is well controlled and they are under the care of a
             specialist for the disorder who agrees to monitor the patient for exacerbations.

          -  patients with serious intercurrent illness that requires active infusional therapy,
             intense monitoring, or frequent dose adjustments for medication including but not
             limited to infectious disease, cancer, autoimmune disease, cardiovascular disease.

          -  patients who have undergone major abdominal, thoracic, spine or cns surgery in the
             last 2 months, or plan to undergo surgery during study participation.

          -  patients receiving cytochrome p450 enzyme-inducing anticonvulsant drugs (i.e.
             phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, primidone or oxcarbazepine) within 4 weeks of
             the start of the study treatment

          -  history or evidence of increased cardiovascular risk including any of the following:

          -  left ventricular ejection fraction (lvef) < institutional lower limit of normal.
             baseline echocardiogram is not required.

          -  a qt interval corrected for heart rate using the frederica formula > 500 msec
             (sub-study 2)

          -  current clinically significant uncontrolled arrhythmias. exception: subjects with
             controlled atrial fibrillation

          -  history of acute coronary syndromes (including myocardial infarction and unstable
             angina), coronary angioplasty, or stenting within 6 months prior to enrollment

          -  current ≥ class ii congestive heart failure as defined by new york heart association
      


NCT04330144

        inclusion criteria:

          -  a contact person from confirmed case of sars-cov-2 infection

          -  medical staff exposed from confirmed case of sars-cov-2 infection in hospitals

          -  persons exposed to sars-cov-2 in covid-19 outbreak situation with certain workplaces,
             religious groups, and military, etc.

               -  subjects of study include both symptomatic and asymptomatic contacts.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  hypersensitivity to chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine

          -  those who are contraindicated in hydroxychloroquine administration according to the
             permission requirements such as pregnant women, nursing mothers, visual disorders,
             macular disease, and porphyria, etc.

          -  human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) infected person

          -  patients with autoimmune disease (systemic lupus erythematosus, mixed connective
             tissue disease)

          -  patients with autoimmune rheumatoid inflammatory disease (aiird; autoimmune
             inflammatory rheumatic diseases - ankylosing spondylitis, rheumatic arthritis,
             psoriatic arthritis)

          -  arrhythmia, liver cirrhosis of child pugh c, chronic renal failure with egfr≤30ml /
             min / 1.73m2

          -  a person who is positive in the covid-19 screening pcr test before starting pep
      


NCT04330300

        inclusion criteria:

          -  men and non-pregnant women aged 60 or over

          -  known diagnosis of hypertension

          -  current use of acei or arb for the treatment of hypertension

          -  covid-19 naïve (i.e. not known to be infected)

          -  english speaker

        exclusion criteria:

          -  known diabetic nephropathy

          -  known heart failure with reduced ejection fraction

          -  resistant hypertension (defined as blood pressure that remains above goal despite
             concurrent use of three anti-hypertensive agents of different classes, one of which
             should be a diuretic, or as blood pressure that is controlled with four or more
             medications)

          -  contraindications or allergies to ccb or thiazide

          -  unconscious patients

          -  current psychiatric in-patients

          -  patients in an emergency medical setting

          -  inability to consent
      


NCT04330495

        inclusion criteria:

          1. patients who meet the requirements of the new coronavirus infection diagnosis (acute
             respiratory infection symptoms or acute cough alone and positive pcr)

          2. aged ≥18 and < 75 years male or female;

          3. in women of childbearing potential, negative pregnancy test and commitment to use
             contraceptive method throughout the study.

          4. willing to take study medication

          5. willing to comply with all study procedures,

          6. diagnosis of ibd disease, rheumatoid arthritis, seronegative spondyloarthritis or
             psoriasis for more than 6 months.

          7. be on stable treatment with biological agents, for a minimum period of 6 months,
             including treatment with infliximab, etanercept, adalimumab, certolizumab, golimumab,
             rituximab, abatacept, tocilizumab, sarilumab, secukinumab, vedolizumab, natalizumab,
             ustekinumab, tofacit

          8. able to provide oral and written informed consent

        exclusion criteria

          1. previous infection with sars-cov-2.

          2. current treatment with hydroxychloroquine / chloroquine.

          3. previous or current treatment with tamoxifen or raloxifene.

          4. previous eye disease, especially maculopathy.

          5. known heart failure grade iii-iv of the classification of the new york heart
             association).

          6. any type of cancer (except basal cell) in the last 5 years.

          7. pregnancy.

          8. refusal to give informed consent.

          9. evidence of any other unstable or clinically significant unstable, clinically
             significant, immunological, endocrine, hematologic, gastrointestinal, neurological,
             neoplastic, or psychiatric illness.

         10. instability or mental incompetence, so that the validity of the informed consent or
             the ability to complete the study is uncertain.

         11. positive antibodies to the human immunodeficiency virus.

         12. data on decompensated liver disease:

        to. aspartate aminotransferase (ast) and / or alt> 10 x upper limit of normal (lsn).

        b. total bilirubin> 25 μmol / l (1.5 mg / dl). c. international normalized index> 1.4. d.
        platelet count <100,000 / mm3. 17. serum creatinine levels> 135 μmol / l (> 1.53 mg / dl)
        in men and> 110 μmol / l (> 24 mg / dl) in women.

        18.significant kidney disease, including nephrotic syndrome, chronic kidney disease
        (patients with markers of liver injury or estimated glomerular filtration rate [egfr] of
        less than 60 ml / min / 1.73 m2). if an abnormal value is obtained at the first screening
        visit, the measurement of egfr may be repeated before randomization within the following
        time frame: minimum 4 weeks after the initial test and maximum 2 weeks before the planned
        randomization. repeated abnormal egfr (less than 60 ml / min / 1.73 m2) leads to exclusion
        from the study.pregnant or lactating women; 19. inability to consent and/or comply with
        study protocol; 20. individuals with known hypersensitivity to the study drugs. 21. any
        contraindications as per the data sheet of or hydroxychloroquine.
      


NCT04330586

        inclusion criteria:

          -  patients with mild covid-19 (news scoring system 0-4)

          -  patient within 7 days from symptom onset or patient within 48 hous after laboratory
             diagnosis (sars-cov-2 rt-pcr)

        exclusion criteria:

          -  unable to take oral medication

          -  unable to use inhaler

          -  pregnancy or breast feeding

          -  immunocompromising conditions

          -  moderate/severe renal dysfunction : creatinine clearance (ccl) < 30 ml/min

          -  moderate/severe liver dysfunction: ast or alt > 5 times upper normal limit

          -  asthma or chronic obstructive lung disease
      


NCT04330638

        inclusion criteria:

        recent ( ≥ 6 days of flu-like symptoms or malaise yet ≤14 days of flu-like symptoms or
        malaise prior to randomization) infection with covid-19, confirmed by pcr within this
        period

          -  presence of hypoxia defined as pao2/fio2 below 350 while breathing room air in upright
             position or pao2/fio2 below 280 on supplemental oxygen and immediately requiring high
             flow oxygen device or mechanical ventilation

          -  signs of cytokine release syndrome defined as any of the following:

               1. serum ferritin concentration >1000 mcg/l and rising since last 24h

               2. single ferritin above 2000 mcg/l in patients requiring immediate high flow oxygen
                  device or mechanical ventilation

               3. lymphopenia defined as <800 lymphocytes/microliter) and two of the following
                  extra criteria

                    -  ferritin > 700 mcg/l and rising since last 24h

                    -  increased ldh (above 300 iu/l) and rising last 24h

                    -  d-dimers > 1000 ng/ml and rising since last 24h

                    -  crp above 70mg/l and rising since last 24h and absence of bacterial
                       infection

                    -  if three of the above are present at admission, no need to document 24h rise

          -  chest x-ray or ct scan showing bilateral infiltrates within last 2 days

          -  admitted to specialized covid-19 ward or an icu ward taking care of covid-19 patients

          -  age ≥ 18yrs, for patients above 70 years old, a frailty scale ≤ 2 is required

          -  male or female

          -  willing and able to provide informed consent or legal representative willing to
             provide informed consent

        exclusion criteria:

          -  patients with known history of serious allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis, to
             any of the study medications, or any component of the product.

          -  mechanical ventilation > 24 h at randomization

          -  clinical frailty scale above 2

          -  active bacterial or fungal infection

          -  unlikely to survive beyond 48h

          -  neutrophil count below 1500 cells/microliter

          -  platelets below 50.000/microliter

          -  patients enrolled in another investigational drug study

          -  patients on high dose systemic steroids (> 20 mg methylprednisolone or equivalent) for
             covid-19 unrelated disorder

          -  patients on immunosuppressant or immunomodulatory drugs

          -  patients on current anti-il1 or anti-il6 treatment

          -  signs of active tuberculosis

          -  serum transaminase levels >5 times upper limit of normal

          -  bowel perforation or diverticulitis

          -  pregnant or breastfeeding females (all female subjects deemed of childbearing
             potential by the investigator must have negative pregnancy test at screening)
      


NCT04330690

        inclusion criteria:

          1. > 6 months of age

          2. has laboratory-confirmed sars-cov-2 infection as determined by pcr, or other
             commercial or public health assay in any specimen prior to randomization.

          3. hospitalized at a participating centre

        exclusion criteria:

          1. anticipated transfer to another hospital, within 72 hours, which is not a study site

          2. known allergy to study medication or its components (non-medicinal ingredients)

          3. currently taking any of the following medications:

               -  alfuzosin (e.g., xatral®)

               -  amiodarone (eg cordarone™)

               -  apalutamide (e.g. erleada™)

               -  astemizole*, terfenadine*

               -  cisapride*

               -  colchicine, when used in patients with renal and/or hepatic impairment

               -  dronedarone (e.g., multaq®)

               -  disulfiram (for those who may need to take the oral solution)

               -  elbasvir/grazoprevir (e.g., zepatiertm) - used to treat hepatitis c virus (hcv)

               -  ergotamine*, dihydroergotamine

               -  ergonovine, methylergonovine* (used after labour and delivery), such as
                  cafergot®, migranal®, d.h.e. 45®*, methergine®*, and others

               -  fusidic acid (e.g., fucidin®), systemic

               -  lurasidone (e.g., latuda®), pimozide (e.g., orap®*)

               -  metronidazole (for those who may need to take the oral solution)

               -  neratinib (e.g., nerlynx®) - used for breast cancer

               -  sildenafil (e.g., revatio®)

               -  triazolam, oral midazolam

               -  rifampin, also known as rimactane®*, rifadin®, rifater®*, or rifamate®*.

               -  st. john's wort

               -  venetoclax

               -  lovastatin (e.g., mevacor®*), lomitapide (e.g., juxtapidtm) or simvastatin (e.g.,
                  zocor®)

               -  pde5 inhibitors vardenafil (e.g., levitra® or revatio).

               -  salmeterol, also known as advair® and serevent®.

          4. known hiv infection
      


NCT04331054

        inclusion criera :

          -  patient ≥ 18 years old and ≤ 75 years old

          -  laboratory proved infection by covid-19 within 2 days

          -  hospitalization is required (based on investigator judgement)

          -  patient affiliated to a social security regime

          -  patient able to give free, informed and written consent

        exclusion criteria :

          -  oxygen flow rate >8l/min at inclusion

          -  current treatment with any inhaled steroid (any other form of steroid administration
             does not exclude the patient)

          -  intensive care unit is required for the patient (based on investigator judgement)

          -  patient with cognitive impairment which do not guarantee proper use of the treatment
             by the patient himself

          -  pregnant or breastfeeding women

          -  participation in another interventional drug study involving human participants and
             concerning covid-19 infection or being in the exclusion period of a previous study
             involving human participants

          -  contraindications to the treatments (history of hypersensitivity)
      


NCT04331470

        inclusion criteria:

        definitely positive covid-19 patients

        exclusion criteria:

        patients with acute respiratory problems including patients with:

          1. spo2<60%

          2. severe respiratory distress

          3. heamodynamic instabilitty

          4. acid base disturbance

          5. severe anemia patients with severe hepatic diseases patients with nurvous system
             diseases
      


NCT04331600

        inclusion criteria

          1. age >=60 years or age 18-59 years with one of the following conditions:

               1. chronic lung disease

               2. chronic cardiovascular disease

               3. diabetes

               4. malignancy diagnosed within 5 years prior to enrollment

               5. chronic kidney disease

          2. sars-cov-2 infection confirmed in rt-pcr (nasopharyngeal swab)

          3. hospitalization not required based on clinical judgement

          4. ability to participate in telemedical care

        exclusion criteria

          1. lack of written informed consent

          2. possible failure to comply with the protocol

          3. chloroquine, hydroxychloroquine or other antiviral therapy within 3 months prior to
             enrollment

          4. contraindications to chloroquine (pregnancy, breast-feeding, severe renal
             insufficiency, amiodarone or anticolvunsants therapy, alcohol disease, haematological
             disorders, epilepsia, porphyria, liver disease/cirrhosis, retinopathy,
             fainting/syncope, myasthenia)

          5. hiv infection

          6. concurrent participation in another interventional clinical trial

          7. hypersensitivity to chloroquine or drug excipients

          8. other relevant circumstances/conditions based on clinical judgement
      


NCT04331665

        inclusion criteria:

          -  covid-19 infection diagnosed by nasopharyngeal sample

          -  need for supplemental oxygen to maintain oxygen saturation > 93%

          -  12 years of age or older

        exclusion criteria:

          -  neutrophils < 1 x 10^9/l

          -  platelets < 50 x 10^9/l

          -  total bilirubin, aspartate aminotransferase (ast), or alanine aminotransferase (alt) >
             5x upper limit of normal (uln)

          -  creatinine clearance (crcl) < 15 ml/minute

          -  pregnant women

          -  patients requiring invasive mechanical ventilation. patients requiring non-invasive
             mechanical ventilation (e.g., bipap) are eligible.

          -  patients who require supplemental oxygen support prior to covid-19 infection.

          -  patients who are on ruxolitinib.
      


NCT04331795

        inclusion criteria:

          -  adults ≥ 18 years of age

          -  approval from the patient's primary service

          -  admitted as an inpatient to university of chicago medicine

          -  fever, documented in electronic medical record and defined as: t ≥ 38*c by any
             conventional clinical method (forehead, tympanic, oral, axillary, rectal)

          -  positive test for active sars-cov-2 infection

          -  radiographic evidence of infiltrates on chest radiograph (cxr) or computed tomography
             (ct)

        exclusion criteria:

          -  concurrent use of invasive mechanical ventilation (patients receiving non-invasive
             mechanical ventilation [cpap, bipap, hhfnc] are eligible)

          -  concurrent use of vasopressor or inotropic medications

          -  previous receipt of tocilizumab or another anti-il6r or il-6 inhibitor.

          -  known history of hypersensitivity to tocilizumab.

          -  patients who are actively being considered for a study of an antiviral agent that
             would potentially exclude concurrent enrollment on this study.

          -  patients actively receiving an investigational antiviral agent in the context of a
             clinical research study.

          -  diagnosis of end-stage liver disease or listed for liver transplant.

          -  elevation of ast or alt in excess of 5 times the upper limit of normal.

          -  neutropenia (absolute neutrophil count < 500/ul).

          -  thrombocytopenia (platelets < 50,000/ul).

          -  on active therapy with a biologic immunosuppressive agent.

          -  history of bone marrow transplantation or solid organ transplant.

          -  known history of hepatitis b or hepatitis c.

          -  known history of mycobacterium tuberculosis infection at risk for reactivation.

          -  known history of gastrointestinal perforation or active diverticulitis.

          -  multi-organ failure as determined by primary treating team

          -  any other documented serious, active infection besides covid-19.

          -  pregnant patients

          -  patients who are unable to discontinue scheduled antipyretic medications, either as
             monotherapy (e.g., acetaminophen or ibuprofen [aspirin is acceptable]) or as part of
             combination therapy (e.g., hydrocodone/acetaminophen, aspirin/acetaminophen/caffeine
             [excedrin®])

          -  crp < 40 mg/l (or ug/ml)

        patients will be assigned to group a if:

        ● c-reactive protein (crp) ≥ 75 ug/ml

        and

        any one of the following criteria are met:

          -  previous icu admission

          -  previous non-elective intubation

          -  admission for heart failure exacerbation within the past 12 months

          -  history of percutaneous coronary intervention (pci)

          -  history of coronary artery bypass graft (cabg) surgery

          -  diagnosis of pulmonary hypertension

          -  baseline requirement for supplemental o2

          -  diagnosis of interstitial lung disease (ild)

          -  admission for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) exacerbation within the
             past 12 months

          -  asthma with use of daily inhaled corticosteroid

          -  history of pneumonectomy or lobectomy

          -  history of radiation therapy to the lung

          -  history of hiv

          -  cancer of any stage and receiving active treatment (excluding hormonal therapy)

          -  any history of diagnosed immunodeficiency

          -  end-stage renal disease (esrd) requiring peritoneal or hemodialysis

        all other eligible patients assigned to group b
      


NCT04331808

        inclusion criteria:

          1. patients included in the corimuno-19 cohort

          2. patients belonging to one of the 2 following groups:

               -  group 1: patients not requiring icu at admission with moderate and severe
                  pneumopathy according to the oms criteria of severity of covid pneumopathy.

        moderate cases :

        cases meeting all of the following criteria:

          -  showing fever and respiratory symptoms with radiological findings of pneumonia.

          -  requiring between 3l/min and 5l/min of oxygen to maintain spo2 >97% severe cases

        cases meeting any of the following criteria:

          -  respiratory distress (≧30 breaths/ min);

          -  oxygen saturation≤93% at rest in ambient air; or oxygen saturation ≤97 % with o2 >
             5l/min.

          -  pao2/fio2≦300mmhg

          -  group 2: patients requiring icu based on criteria of severity of covid pneumopathy.

          -  respiratory failure and requiring mechanical ventilation

          -  no do-not-resuscitate order (dnr order)

        exclusion criteria:

          -  patients with exclusion criteria to the corimuno-19 cohort.

          -  known hypersensitivity to tocilizumab or to any of their excipients.

          -  pregnancy

          -  current documented bacterial infection

          -  patient with any of following laboratory results out of the ranges detailed below at
             screening should be discussed depending of the medication:

          -  absolute neutrophil count (anc) ≤ 1.0 x 109/l

          -  haemoglobin level: no limitation

          -  platelets (plt) < 50 g /l

          -  sgot or sgpt > 5n
      


NCT04331834

        inclusion criteria:

          -  age ≥ 18 years

          -  negative pcr and negative serology at day 0

          -  healthcare worker at hospital clínic de barcelona

          -  female participants: negative for pregnancy test

          -  willing to participate in the study

          -  able to sign the informed consent form

        exclusion criteria:

          -  age <18 years

          -  pregnancy or breastfeeding

          -  ongoing antiviral or antiretroviral treatment or hiv positive

          -  ongoing anti-inflammatory treatment (nsaid, corticosteroids)

          -  ongoing chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine treatment

          -  confirmed case of sars-cov-2 infection (positive pcr) at day 0

          -  positive serology for sars-cov-1 infection at day 0

          -  impossibility of signing the informed consent form

          -  rejection of participation

          -  working less than 5 days a week in the hospital clinic of barcelona.

          -  any contraindication for hydroxychloroquine treatment:

               -  hydroxychloroquine hypersensitivity or 4-aminoquinoline hypersensitivity

               -  retinopathy, visual field or visual acuity disturbances

               -  qt prolongation, bradycardia (<50bpm), ventricular tachycardia, other
                  arrhythmias, as determined on day 0 ecg or medical history

               -  potassium < 3 meq/l or ast or alt > 5 upper normal limit, as determined on day 0
                  blood test

               -  previous myocardial infarction

               -  myasthenia gravis

               -  psoriasis or porphyria

               -  glomerular clearance < 10ml/min

               -  previous history of severe hypoglycaemia

               -  ongoing treatment with: antimalarials, antiarrhythmic, tricyclic antidepressants,
                  natalizumab, quinolones, macrolides, agalsidase alfa and beta.
      


NCT04331899

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age ≥ 18 years and ≤ 64 years at the time of the assessment

          2. able and willing to understand the study, adhere to all study procedures, and provide
             written informed consent

          3. initial diagnosis of covid-19 disease as defined by a fda-cleared molecular diagnostic
             assay positive for sars-cov-2

          4. display symptoms of covid respiratory infection without respiratory distress

        exclusion criteria:

          -  patients who are hospitalized for inpatient treatment or currently being evaluated for
             potential hospitalization at the time of initiation of informed consent

               1. patients with a known allergy to peginterferon lambda-1a or any component thereof

               2. room air oxygen saturation of <92%

               3. participation in a clinical trial with or use of any investigational agent within
                  30 days before screening, or treatment with interferons (ifn) or immunomodulators
                  within 12 months before screening

               4. previous use of peginterferon lambda-1a

               5. history or evidence of any intolerance or hypersensitivity to ifns or other
                  substances contained in the study medication.

               6. female patients who are pregnant or breastfeeding. male patients must confirm
                  that their female sexual partners are not pregnant.

               7. current or previous history of decompensated liver disease (child-pugh class b or
                  c) or hepatocellular carcinoma

               8. co-infected with human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) or hepatitis c virus (hcv)

               9. significant abnormal laboratory test results at screening.

              10. significant concurrent illnesses and other comorbidities that may require
                  intervention during the study

              11. concurrent use of any of the following medications:

                    1. therapy with an immunomodulatory agent

                    2. current use of heparin or coumadin

                    3. received blood products within 30 days before study randomization

                    4. use of hematologic growth factors within 30 days before study randomization

                    5. systemic antibiotics, antifungals, or antivirals for treatment of active
                       infection within 14 days before study randomization

                    6. any prescription or herbal product that is not approved by the investigator

                    7. long-term treatment (> 2 weeks) with agents that have a high risk for
                       nephrotoxicity or hepatotoxicity unless it is approved by the medical
                       monitor

                    8. receipt of systemic immunosuppressive therapy within 3 months before
                       screening
      


NCT04332042

        inclusion criteria:

          -  sars-cov2 infection diagnosed by rt-pcr

          -  rx or ct-scan confirmed interstitial pneumonia

          -  hospital admission from less than 24h

          -  written informed consent

        exclusion criteria:

          -  age <18 ys or >65

          -  patients in mechanical ventilation at time of admission

          -  severe hearth failure (nyha 3 or 4)

          -  severe history of chronic ischemic hearth disease, defined as history of major adverse
             cardiovascular event and/or recent (one year) revascularization.

          -  history of recurrent deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism

          -  active bacterial or fungal infection

          -  hematological cancer

          -  metastatic or intractable cancer

          -  pre-existent neurodegenerative disease

          -  severe hepatic impairment

          -  severe renal failure (creatinine clearance <30ml/h)

          -  active herpes zoster infection

          -  severe anemia (hb<9g/dl)

          -  lymphocyte count below 750/mcl

          -  neutrophil count below 1000/mcl

          -  platelet count below 50000/mcl

          -  pregnancy or lactation

          -  inability to give informed consent (severe transitory or permanent mental impairment,
             incapacitation)
      


NCT04332094

        inclusion criteria:

          -  subject (or authorized legal representative) who can provide written informed consent
             before beginning any study procedure.

          -  understand and agree to abide by the study procedures.

          -  adult #18 years of age at the time of inclusion in the study.

          -  confirmation of sars-cov-2 infection by a microbiological test performed before
             randomization, no longer than 72 hours.

          -  severity 3-4 according to the who 7-point ordinal scale.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  alt / ast> 5 times the normal limit

          -  stage 4 chronic kidney disease (gfr <30) or requiring dialysis.

          -  presence of comorbidities that imply a poor prognosis (according to clinical
             judgment).

          -  advanced dementia.

          -  pregnancy or breastfeeding.

          -  anticipation of transfer to another center in the 12 hours at the beginning of the
             study.

          -  allergy to study medication.

          -  serious or active bacterial infections or documented sepsis by pathogens other than
             sars-cov-2.

          -  streptococcus pneumoniae antigenuria positive before study start.

          -  neutropenia <500 / mm3.

          -  thrombocytopenia <100,000 / mm3.

          -  history of diverticulosis.

          -  ongoing skin infection (eg, pyodermitis).

          -  transplanted patient under immunosuppressive treatment.

          -  previous evidence of latent untreated tuberculosis.
      


NCT04332107

        inclusion criteria:

          -  positive sars-cov-2 test and test results received within the previous three days

          -  not currently hospitalized

          -  willing and able to receive study drug by mail

          -  willing and able to return internet-based study questionnaires at baseline and 14 days

          -  no known allergy or other contraindication to macrolides

          -  age 18 years older at the time of enrollment

          -  provision of informed consent

        exclusion criteria:

          -  currently hospitalized

          -  confirmed sars-cov-2 positive test

          -  not willing or able to receive study drug by mail
      


NCT04332380

        inclusion criteria:fulfilling all the following criteria

          1. aged between 18 and 60 years, male or female.

          2. hospitalized participants with diagnosis for covid 19 by real time - polymerase chain
             reaction.

          3. without treatment.

          4. moderate cases according to the official guideline "pneumonia diagnosis and treatment
             scheme for novel coronavirus infection (trial version 6)".

          5. confusion, urea, respiratory rate, blood pressure-65 (curb-65) >= 2.

          6. sequential organ failure assessment score (sofa) < 6.

          7. ability to understand and the willingness to sign a written informed consent document.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. female subjects who are pregnant or breastfeeding.

          2. patients with prior allergic reactions to transfusions.

          3. critical ill patients in intensive care units.

          4. patients with surgical procedures in the last 30 days.

          5. patients with active treatment for cancer (radiotherapy or chemotherapy).

          6. hiv diagnosed patients with viral failure (detectable viral load> 1000 copies / ml
             persistent, two consecutive viral load measurements within a 3 month interval, with
             medication adherence between measurements after at least 6 months of starting a new
             regimen antiretrovirals).

          7. patients who have suspicion or evidence of coinfections.

          8. end-stage chronic kidney disease (glomerular filtration rate <15 ml / min / 1.73 m2).

          9. child pugh c stage liver cirrhosis.

         10. high cardiac output diseases.

         11. autoimmune diseases or immunoglobulin a nephropathy.

         12. patients have any condition that in the judgement of the investigators would make the
             subject inappropriate for entry into this study.
      


NCT04332666

        inclusion criteria:

          -  age > 18 years old

          -  expected icu stay of > 48 hours

          -  bilateral viral pneumonia

          -  orotracheal intubation from less than 24 hours

          -  confirmed or highly suspected covid-19

        exclusion criteria:

          -  patients with cancer (all stages) diagnosis

          -  severe hemodynamic instability (need of vasopressors >1 mcg/kg/min to maintain a map >
             65 mmhg)

          -  pregnant women

          -  immunocompromised patients

          -  limitations of care

          -  inclusion in any other interventional trial
      


NCT04332835

        inclusion criteria:fulfilling all the following criteria

          1. aged between 18 and 60 years, male or female.

          2. hospitalized participants with diagnosis of covid 19 by real time - polymerase chain
             reaction.

          3. moderate cases according to the official guideline "pneumonia diagnosis and treatment
             scheme for novel coronavirus infection (trial version 6)".

          4. confusion, urea, respiratory rate, blood pressure-65 (curb-65) >= 2.

          5. sequential organ failure assessment score (sofa) < 6.

          6. ability to understand and the willingness to sign a written informed consent document.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. female subjects who are pregnant or breastfeeding.

          2. patients with prior allergic reactions to transfusions.

          3. critical ill patients in intensive care units.

          4. patients with surgical procedures in the last 30 days.

          5. patients with active treatment for cancer (radiotherapy or chemotherapy).

          6. hiv diagnosed patients with viral failure (detectable viral load> 1000 copies / ml
             persistent, two consecutive viral load measurements within a 3 month interval, with
             medication adherence between measurements after at least 6 months of starting a new
             regimen antiretrovirals).

          7. patients who have suspicion or evidence of coinfections.

          8. end-stage chronic kidney disease (glomerular filtration rate <15 ml / min / 1.73 m2).

          9. child pugh c stage liver cirrhosis.

         10. high cardiac output diseases.

         11. autoimmune diseases or immunoglobulin a nephropathy.

         12. patients have any condition that in the judgement of the investigators would make the
             subject inappropriate for entry into this study.
      


NCT04332991

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age ≥18 years

          2. currently hospitalized or in an emergency department with anticipated hospitalization.

          3. symptoms of acute respiratory infection, defined as one or more of the following:

               1. cough

               2. fever (> 37.5° c / 99.5° f)

               3. shortness of breath

               4. sore throat

          4. laboratory-confirmed sars-cov-2 infection within the past 10 days or sars-cov-2
             laboratory test result pending plus a high clinical suspicion for covid-19 as
             indicated by fulfilling all of the following:

               1. cough with duration ≤10 days

               2. bilateral pulmonary infiltrates on chest imaging (radiograph, or computed
                  tomography or ultrasound) or new hypoxemia defined as spo2 ≤94% on room air

               3. no alternative explanation for symptoms of acute respiratory infection

        exclusion criteria:

          1. prisoner

          2. pregnancy

          3. breast feeding

          4. symptoms of acute respiratory infection for >10 days before randomization

          5. >48 hours between meeting inclusion criteria and randomization

          6. seizure disorder

          7. porphyria cutanea tarda

          8. diagnosis of long qt syndrome

          9. qtc >500 ms on electrocardiogram within 72 hours prior to enrollment

         10. known allergy to hydroxychloroquine, chloroquine, or amodiaquine

         11. receipt in the 12 hours prior to enrollment, or planned administration during the
             5-day study period that treating clinicians feel cannot be substituted for another
             medication, of any of the following: amiodarone; cimetidine; dofetilide;
             phenobarbital; phenytoin; sotalol

         12. receipt of >1 dose of hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine in the 10 days prior to
             enrollment

         13. inability to receive enteral medications

         14. inability to be contacted on day 15 for clinical outcome assessment
      


NCT04333225

        inclusion criteria:

          1. adult male and female healthcare workers ≥ 18 to ≤ 75 years of age upon study consent

          2. healthcare workers with

             • one day or more of exposure to suspect and/or positive covid-19 patients, including
             but not limited to those working in the emergency department or intensive care unit.

             or

             • unprotected exposure to a known positive covid-19 patient within 72 hours of
             screening.

          3. afebrile with no constitutional symptoms

          4. willing and able to comply with scheduled visits, treatment plan, and other study
             procedures

          5. evidence of a personally signed and dated informed consent document indicating that
             the subject (or a legally acceptable representative) has been informed of all
             pertinent aspects of the study prior to initiation of any subject-mandated procedures

        exclusion criteria:

          1. participation in other investigational clinical trials for the treatment or prevention
             of sars-cov-2 infection within 30days

          2. unwilling to practice acceptable methods of birth control (both males who have
             partners of childbearing potential and females of childbearing potential) during
             screening, while taking study drug, and for at least 30 days after the last dose of
             study drug is ingested note: the following criteria follow standard clinical practice
             for fda approved indications of this medication

          3. having a prior history of blood disorders such as aplastic anemia, agranulocytosis,
             leukopenia, or thrombocytopenia

          4. having a prior history of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (g-6-pd) deficiency

          5. having dermatitis, psoriasis or porphyria

          6. taking digoxin, mefloquine, methotrexate, cyclosporine, praziquantel, antacids and
             kaolin, cimetidine, ampicillin, insulin or antidiabetic drugs, arrhythmogenic drugs,
             antiepileptic drugs, loop, thiazide, and related diuretics, laxatives and enemas,
             amphotericin b, high dose corticosteroids, and proton pump inhibitors, neostigmine,
             praziquantel, pyridostigmine, tamoxifen citrate

          7. allergies: 4-aminoquinolines

          8. pre-existing retinopathy of the eye

          9. has a chronic liver disease or cirrhosis, including hepatitis b and/or untreated
             hepatitis

         10. untreated or uncontrolled active bacterial, fungal infection

         11. known or suspected active drug or alcohol abuse, per investigator judgment

         12. women who are pregnant or breastfeeding

         13. known hypersensitivity to any component of the study drug

         14. a known history of prolonged qt syndrome or history of additional risk factors for
             torsades de pointe (e.g., heart failure, requires a lab test , family history of long
             qt syndrome), or the use of concomitant medications that prolong the qt/qtc interval
      


NCT04333407

        inclusion criteria:

          1. confirmed covid-19 infection

          2. age =/>40 or diabetes or known coronary disease or hypertension

          3. requires hospital admission for further clinical management.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. clear evidence of cardiac pathology needing acs treatment.

          2. myocarditis with serum troponin > 5000

          3. bleeding risk suspected e.g. recent surgery, history of gi bleed, other abnormal blood
             results (hb<10g/dl, plts <100, any evidence of dic)

          4. study treatment may negatively impact standard best care (physician discretion).

          5. unrelated co-morbidity with life expectancy <3 months.

          6. pregnancy.

          7. age <18 years and >85 years.
      


NCT04333420

        inclusion criteria:

          -  at least 18 years of age or older

          -  clinically evident or otherwise confirmed severe pneumonia

          -  sars-cov2 infection confirmation (tested positive in last 14 days or test results to
             be obtained within 24h after enrollment, both with locally available test system).

        exclusion criteria:

          -  known history of copd

          -  received new other biologic treatment attempt for covid-19 in the past 14 days

          -  received treatment with a viral replication inhibitor in past 3 days

          -  received organ or bone marrow transplantation in past 3 months

          -  known mechanically resuscitation in past 14 days

          -  known severe congestive heart failure (nyha-class iii - iv)
      


NCT04333472

        inclusion criteria:

          1. female and male patients over the age of 18.

          2. confirmed covid-19 infection by pcr analysis.

          3. hospitalized at hasharon medical center.

          4. display moderate to severe symptoms of respiratory infection.

          5. willing and able to convey informed consent.

          6. willing and able to comply with all study procedures

          7. female patients of childbearing potential and male patients with partners of
             childbearing potential must agree to use adequate methods of contraception during the
             study and through 90 days after the last dose of study medication. female patients of
             childbearing potential are all those except patients who are surgically sterile, who
             have medically documented ovarian failure, or who are at least 1 year postmenopausal.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. treatment with interferons, immunomodulators and/or immunosuppressive or b-cell
             depleting medications within 12 months before screening.

          2. previous receipt of piclidenoson.

          3. patients with respiratory infection requiring invasive or non-invasive ventilatory
             support (bipap or intubation and mechanical ventilation).

          4. participation in a clinical trial with use of any investigational drug within 30 days
             before screening.

          5. history of any of the following diseases or conditions:

               -  advanced or decompensated liver disease (presence or history of bleeding varices,
                  ascites, encephalopathy or hepato-renal syndrome)

               -  immunologically mediated disease (e.g., rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory bowel
                  disease, severe psoriasis, systemic lupus erythematosus) that requires use of
                  systemic corticosteroids in the 6 months before screening.

               -  gastrointestinal disease which could interfere with the absorption of
                  piclidenoson.

               -  any malignancy within 5 years.

               -  cardiomyopathy, significant ischemic cardiac or cerebrovascular disease
                  (including history of angina, myocardial infarction, or interventional procedure
                  for coronary artery disease), or cardiac rhythm disorder.

               -  qtcf interval on an average of triplicate ecgs ≥500 msec.

               -  a condition which increases proarrhythmic risk, including hypokalemia,
                  hypomagnesemia, congenital long qt syndrome.

               -  ongoing or planned use of a concomitant medication that is on the crediblemedstm
                  list of drugs known to cause torsades de pointes, unless the patient can be
                  screened and monitored under the guidelines proposed by giudicessi (mayo clinic
                  proceedings 2020).

               -  chronic pulmonary disease (e.g., chronic obstructive pulmonary disease)
                  associated with functional impairment.

               -  pancreatitis.

               -  severe or uncontrolled psychiatric disorder.

               -  active seizure disorder defined by either an untreated seizure disorder or
                  continued seizure activity within the preceding year despite treatment with
                  anti-seizure medication.

               -  bone marrow or solid organ transplantation.

               -  other significant medical condition that may require intervention during the
                  trial (such as uncontrolled diabetes or thyroid disease), or patients for whom
                  participation in the trial would increase their risk.

               -  current alcohol abuse.

               -  drug abuse within the previous 6 months before screening, with the exception of
                  cannabinoids and their derivatives.

          6. any of the following abnormal laboratory test in the 12 months prior to enrollment:

               -  platelet count <90,000 cells/mm3

               -  white blood cell (wbc) count <3,000 cells/mm3

               -  absolute neutrophil count (anc) <1,500 cells/mm3

               -  hemoglobin <11 g/dl for women and <12 g/dl for men

               -  estimated creatinine clearance (crcl) < 50 ml/min by cockroft-gault formulation

               -  bilirubin level ≥ 2.5 mg/dl unless due to gilbert's syndrome

               -  serum albumin level <3.5 g/dl

               -  international normalized ratio (inr) ≥1.5.
      


NCT04333550

        inclusion criteria:

        clinical diagnosis of covid-19 disease,

        exclusion criteria:

        previous history of allergy to deferoxamin, pregnancy, kidney dysfunction,
      


NCT04333589

        inclusion criteria:

          1. covid-19 has been diagnosed, and the nucleic acid test of respiratory specimens such
             as sputum or nasopharyngeal swabs has been negative for two consecutive times after
             treatment (sampling time interval of at least 24 hours);

          2. the nucleic acid test of specimens such as sputum, throat swabs, blood, feces and
             other specimens was positive for covid-19 during screening visits;

          3. voluntarily participate in research and sign informed consent.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. those allergic to fapilavir;

          2. pregnant or lactating women;

          3. unstable liver, kidney, and heart diseases;

          4. history of mental disorders, substance abuse or dependence;

          5. researchers consider it inappropriate to participate in research;

          6. participating in other clinical research.
      


NCT04333628

        inclusion criteria:

          -  age over 18

          -  a person diagnosed with covid-19 in the past 48 hours

          -  asymptomatic

        exclusion criteria:

          -  chronic lung disease with chronic hypoxia

          -  sleep apnea requiring bipap / continuous positive airway pressure

          -  retinal disease

          -  porphyria

          -  myastenia gravis

          -  immunodeficiency disorders

          -  hearing disorders

          -  scheduled for general anesthesia

          -  treatment with antibiotics or antiretroviral for any reason

          -  pulse <50

          -  known ventricular arrhythmias

          -  heart failure: systolic or diastolic

          -  kown qt prolongation

          -  taking medicines that increase the risk of qt prolongation in combination with
             chloroquine.
      


NCT04333654

        inclusion criteria :

          -  participants with diagnosis of covid-19 via nasopharyngeal swab polymerase chain
             reaction (pcr)

          -  time between onset of symptoms and enrollment is 72 hours or less

        exclusion criteria:

          -  severe covid-19 requiring inpatient treatment

          -  women who are pregnant or breastfeeding

          -  concurrent antimicrobial therapy

          -  known hypersensitivity to hydroxychloroquine or other 4-aminoquinoline compounds

          -  hydroxychloroquine use within 2 months before enrollment

          -  history of severe skin reactions such as sevens-johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal
             necrolysis

          -  history of retinopathy

          -  history of arrythmia, concurrent use of anti-arrhythmic drugs, or family history of
             sudden cardiac death

          -  history of severe renal disease (treatment with dialysis or phosphate binders) or
             hepatic impairment

        the above information is not intended to contain all considerations relevant to a patient's
        potential participation in a clinical trial.
      


NCT04333732

        inclusion criteria:

          1. age ≥18 years.

          2. healthcare worker based in a primary, secondary or tertiary healthcare setting with a
             high risk of developing covid-19 due to their potential exposure to patients with
             sars-cov-2 infection.

        exclusion criteria:

        -
      


NCT04333914

        inclusion criteria:

        i1. age 18 or older at the time of enrolment. i2. histologically or cytologically confirmed
        diagnosis of advanced or metastatic hematological or solid tumor (hematological or solid
        tumor, any type and any localization).

        i3. documented diagnosis of covid-19 (diagnostic test performed in a certified laboratory)
        or symptoms of covid-19 associated with radiological signs of pneumonia as described by shi
        et al.; i4. cohort 2: patients with pneumonia confirmed by chest imaging, and an oxygen
        saturation (sao2) of 94% or less while they are breathing ambient air or a ratio of the
        partial pressure of oxygen (pao2) to the fraction of inspired oxygen (fio2) (pao2:fio2) at
        or below 300 mg hg.

        i5. patient not eligible for a transfer to resuscitation unit (either due to underlying
        medical condition - including cancer - or due to lack of available bed).

        i6. life-expectancy longer than 3 months.

        i7. adequate bone marrow and end-organ function defined by the following laboratory
        results:

          -  bone marrow:

               -  hemoglobin ≥ 7.0 g/dl,

               -  absolute neutrophils count (anc) ≥ 1.0 gi/l,

               -  platelets ≥ 100 gi/l;

          -  hepatic function:

               -  total serum bilirubin ≤ 1.5 x uln (except patients with gilbert's syndrome who
                  must have total serum bilirubin ≤ 3.0 x uln),

               -  ast and alt ≤ 5 uln

          -  renal function:

               -  serum creatinine ≤ 2.0 x uln or cr. cl. ≥ 30ml/min/1.73m² (mdrd or ckd-epi
                  formula); i8. willingness and ability to comply with the study requirements; i9.
                  signed and dated informed consent indicating that the patient has been informed
                  of all the aspects of the trial prior to enrolment (in case of emergency
                  situation, please refer to protocol section 13.1 patient information and informed
                  consent); i10. women of childbearing potential (appendix 2) are required to have
                  a negative serum pregnancy test within 72 hours prior to study treatment start. a
                  positive urine test must be confirmed by a serum pregnancy test; i11. women of
                  childbearing potential and male patients must agree to use adequate highly
                  effective contraception (appendix 2) for the duration of study participation and
                  up to 6 months following completion of therapy; i12. patient must be covered by a
                  medical insurance.

        exclusion criteria:

        e1. for cohort 1 only : patient currently receiving therapy with an anti- pd-1, anti-
        pd-l1, or anti-ctla4.

        e2. for cohort 2 only: patient currently receiving therapy with an anti- il-6 or
        anti-il-6r.

        e3. contraindication to treatment with nivolumab (cohort 1 only) or to tocilizumab (cohort
        2 only) as per respective spc, including known hypersensitivity to one of these study drugs
        or severe hypersensitivity reaction to any monoclonal antibody.

        e4. patient known to have intolerance or hypersensitivity to chloroquine or any quinoline
        derivates (e.g., quinine, chloroquine, mefloquine).

        e5. patient has active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past
        3 months before the date of randomisation or a documented history of clinically severe
        autoimmune disease, or a syndrome that requires systemic steroids at doses higher than 10
        mg/d prednisone equivalents or immunosuppressive agents.

        note 1: patients with vitiligo or resolved childhood asthma/atopy would be an exception to
        this rule. patients that require intermittent use of bronchodilators or local steroid
        injections would not be excluded from the study. patients with hypothyroidism stable on
        hormone replacement or sjögren's syndrome will not be excluded from the study.

        note 2: patients may receive corticosteroids as required for the management of
        sars-cov-2-related symptoms.

        e6. patient requires the use of one of the following forbidden treatment during the study
        treatment period:

          -  major surgery.

          -  live vaccines. examples of live vaccines include, but are not limited to, the
             following: measles, mumps, rubella, chicken pox, yellow fever and bcg. seasonal
             influenza vaccines for injection are generally killed virus vaccines and are allowed;
             however intranasal influenza vaccines (e.g. flu-mist®) are live attenuated vaccines,
             and are not allowed.

        e7. significant cardiovascular disease, such as new york heart association cardiac disease
        (class ii or greater), myocardial infarction within 3 months prior to the date of
        randomisation unstable arrhythmias or unstable angina, known left ventricular ejection
        fraction (lvef) < 50%.

        note: patients with known coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure not meeting the
        above criteria must be on a stable medical regimen that is optimized in the opinion of the
        treating physician and in consultation with a cardiologist if appropriate.

        e8. patient has active hepatitis b (chronic or acute; defined as having a positive
        hepatitis b surface antigen [hbsag] test at screening), active hepatitis c (patients
        positive for hepatitis c virus (hcv) antibody are eligible only if pcr is negative for hcv
        rna at screening) or human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) infection (hiv 1/2 antibodies).

        e9. prior allogeneic bone marrow transplantation or solid organ transplant in the past.

        e10. has a history or current evidence of any condition, therapy, or laboratory abnormality
        that might confound the results of the trial, interfere with the subject's participation
        for the full duration of the trial, or is not in the best interest of the subject to
        participate, in the opinion of the treating investigator.

        e11. has known psychiatric or substance abuse disorders that would interfere with
        cooperation with the requirements of the trial.

        e12. pregnant or breastfeeding patient, or expecting to conceive children within the
        projected duration of the trial, starting with the screening visit through 6 months after
        the last dose of study drugs.
      


NCT04334044

        inclusion criteria:

          -  patients with diagnosed covid-19 with confirmatory test

          -  increase in work of breathing or presence of dyspnea

          -  presence of lung changes associated with covid pneumonia by chest imaging

          -  informed consent

        exclusion criteria:

          -  pregnancy or breastfeeding

          -  thrombocytopenia below 20,000 cells/mm3

          -  neutropenia below 500 cels/mm3

          -  known and active infection of hiv, hepatitis c, hepatitis b, herpes zoster or
             mycobacterium tuberculosis
      


NCT04334148

        inclusion criteria:

          -  completed informed consent

          -  age ≥ 18 years old

          -  individual is currently working with a trial participating site where individuals
             receive healthcare ("healthcare worker") or is associated with the site through
             emergency services

          -  able to speak and read english or spanish

          -  at risk for covid-19 infection through one or more of the following work exposures:

               -  in the intensive care unit, or

               -  in the emergency department, or

               -  in emergency services, or

               -  in a covid-19 hospital unit/ward, or

               -  in respiratory services

        exclusion criteria:

          -  prior diagnosis of covid-19 infection

          -  participation in another covid-19 prophylaxis trial within 30 days of consent

          -  respiratory illness with new-onset fever (temperature > 100°f) or ongoing cough or
             dyspnea within 14 days

          -  known allergy to hcq or chloroquine

          -  congenital prolonged qt syndrome

          -  current or planned use of qt prolonging drugs (e.g. procainamide, disopyramide,
             mexilitine, flecainide, propafenone, amiodarone, sotalol, cimetidine, dronedarone,
             dofetilide, levofloxacin, ciprofloxacin, moxifloxacin)

          -  end stage renal disease

          -  pre-existing retinopathy

          -  current or planned use of the following for treatment or prevention of covid-19
             infection:

               -  hydroxychloroquine (study drug) or chloroquine

               -  azithromycin
      


NCT04334265

        inclusion criteria:

          1. confirmed covid-19, and the nucleic acid test of respiratory specimens such as sputum
             or nasopharyngeal swabs is negative twice after the treatment (sampling interval is at
             least 24 hours);

          2. negative nucleic acid test of respiratory specimens such as sputum or nasopharyngeal
             swabs during screening visits;

          3. high-resolution ct of the lung (hrct) indicates pulmonary fibrosis (thickness of
             lobular septum, honeycomb-like changes, with or without bronchial / pleural
             distraction);

          4. voluntarily participate in research and sign informed consent.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. combined with severe heart, lung (diagnosed with interstitial lung disease, bronchial
             asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, etc.), liver and kidney disease or with
             endocrine, rheumatic, neurologic, malignant and other systemic diseases;

          2. have been diagnosed with connective tissue disease;

          3. pregnant or lactating women;

          4. history of mental disorders, substance abuse or dependence;

          5. have used other anti-pulmonary fibrosis drugs in the past 14 days, such as nidanib,
             pirfenidone, penicillamine, colchicine, tumor necrosis factor alpha blocker, imatinib,
             glucocorticoid hormones, morphomycodyl esters, azathioprine, cyclophosphamide,
             interferon-γ, and traditional chinese medicine;

          6. researchers consider it inappropriate to participate in research;

          7. participating in other clinical research.
      


NCT04334382

        inclusion criteria:

          -  adult, age>44 years, competent to provide consent

          -  confirmed covid-19, via a positive nucleic acid assay for covid-19 within the last 7
             days

        exclusion criteria:

          -  participants already prescribed chloroquine, hydroxychloroquine, or azithromycin

          -  allergy to hydroxychloroquine or azithromycin

          -  history of bone marrow transplant

          -  known g6pd (glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency) deficiency

          -  chronic hemodialysis, peritoneal dialysis, continuous renal replacement therapy or
             glomerular filtration rate < 20ml/min/1.73m2

          -  liver disease (e.g. child pugh score ≥ b or ast (aspartate transaminase)>2 times upper
             limit)

          -  psoriasis

          -  porphyria

          -  known cardiac conduction delay (qtc > 500msec) or taking any prescription medications
             known to prolong qt interval

          -  concomitant use of digitalis, flecainide, amiodarone, procainamide, or propafenone

          -  prisoner

          -  weight < 35kg

          -  inability to follow-up - no cell phone or no address or not spanish or english
             speaking

          -  receipt of any experimental treatment for sars-cov-2 (off-label, compassionate use, or
             trial related) within the 30 days prior to the time of the screening evaluation

          -  no symptoms attributable to covid-19

          -  pregnant or nursing
      


NCT04334460

        inclusion criteria:

        - age:

        at least 18 years of age at the time of signing the icf.

        - type of subject and disease characteristics:

        documented or confirmed sars-cov-2 infection by pcr test nasopharyngeal swab ≤ 2 days
        before randomization.

        hospitalized for covid-19.

        diagnosed with covid-19 as defined by having at least 2 of the following signs or symptoms
        within the past 2 days:

        fever defined as a body temperature of ≥ 38.0 °c oral, or ≥ 38.3 °c rectal, forehead or
        aural (axillary temperatures are not allowable);

        cough;

        fatigue;

        shortness of breath.

        radiographic evidence (chest x-ray or ct scan) of one the following:

        ground-glass opacities, or

        local or bilateral patchy infiltrates, or

        interstitial pulmonary infiltrates.

        - sex:

        male and/or female subjects.

        contraception use by men or women should be consistent with local regulations regarding the
        methods of contraception for those participating in clinical studies.

        all subjects (male or female) who are of childbearing potential must agree to use highly
        effective contraception during the study. female subjects and male partners of female
        subjects must continue to use highly effective contraception for 30 days after the last
        dose of study drug. female subjects should not donate oocytes during this time. male
        subjects and female partners of male subjects must continue to use highly effective
        contraception for 90 days. male subjects must agree not to donate sperm during this time.

        note: abstinence is acceptable if this is the usual lifestyle and preferred contraception
        for the subject.

        note: ethinyl estradiol is the primary estrogen used in hormonal contraceptives. the
        progestin component consists of norethindrone, levonorgestrel, norgestrel, norethindrone
        acetate, ethynodiol diacetate, norgestimate, desogestrel, and drospirenone. as bld-2660 is
        a weak cyp3a4 inducer, exposure to both the estrogen and progestin components in hormonal
        contraceptives may be decreased, resulting in an increased risk of pregnancy. as such, it
        is recommended that subjects who are on hormonal contraceptives for birth control should
        use an alternate means of contraception (condoms, diaphragms, intrauterine device (iud),
        other barrier methods, sexual abstinence, etc.) during participation in the study.

        women of childbearing potential must have a negative serum pregnancy test at screening
        within 72 hours prior to first administration of study drug.

        women not of childbearing potential must be postmenopausal (defined as cessation of regular
        menstrual periods for at least 1 year

        - informed consent:

        capable of giving signed informed consent which includes compliance with the requirements
        and restrictions listed in the icf and in this protocol

        exclusion criteria:

        - medical conditions:

        active bacterial pneumonia infection

        known active tuberculosis (tb).

        known history of testing positive for human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) (hiv 1/2
        antibodies).

        known active hepatitis b (defined as hepatitis b surface antigen [hbsag] reactive) or known
        active hepatitis c virus (defined as hcv rna [qualitative] is detected) infection.

        note: no testing for hepatitis b and hepatitis c is required unless mandated by local
        health authority

        history of child-pugh b or c cirrhosis.

        history of acute coronary syndrome requiring hospital admission or symptomatic ischemic
        heart disease within 24 weeks prior to screening.

        subjects requiring high flow oxygen defined as >50 l/min.

        it is not in the best interest of the subjects to participate, in the opinion of the
        treating investigator.

        female subjects who are pregnant or breastfeeding or expecting to conceive within the
        projected duration of the study, starting with the screening visit through 90 days after
        the last dose of study drug.

        - diagnostic assessments:

        the following laboratory parameters are excluded:

        alanine aminotransferase (alt) or aspartate aminotransferase (ast) >5 x upper limit of
        normal (uln);

        creatinine clearance < 50 ml/min.

        - prior therapy:

        requiring, or expected to require mechanical ventilation at screening.

        concurrent treatment with other agents with actual or possible direct acting antiviral
        activity against sars-cov-2 within 24 hours prior to initiation of study drug dosing (e.g.
        remdesivir within 6 half-lives).

        treatment with anti-il 6, anti-il-6 receptor antagonists, or with janus kinase inhibitors
        (jaki) in the past 30 days or plans to receive during the study period.

        - prior/concurrent clinical study experience:

        participation in any other clinical study of an experimental drug treatment for covid-19
        within 6 half-lives of the experimental treatment.

        current participation or have participated in a study of an investigational agent or has
        used an investigational device within 4 weeks prior to the first dose of study drug.

        note: subjects participating in an observational study are an exception to this criterion
        and may qualify for the study with sponsor approval.

        note: subjects who have entered the follow-up phase of an investigational study may
        participate as long as it has been 4 weeks after the last dose of the previous
        investigational agent.

        - other exclusions:

        unable to swallow solid oral medication or known malabsorption disorder.

        subjects who have allergy to bld-2660 or inactive components of bld-2660.
      


NCT04334512

        inclusion criteria:

          1. signed informed consent, demonstrating that the subject understands the procedures
             required for the study and the purpose of the study

          2. healthy male or female subjects 18 years of age to 55 years of age

          3. subjects must agree to practice at least one highly effective method of birth control
             for the duration of the study

          4. diagnosis of covid-19 by rt-pcr

        exclusion criteria:

          1. refusal to sign informed consent form

          2. negative test for covid-19 by rt-pcr at screening

          3. diarrhea

          4. any comorbidities which, in the opinion of the investigator, constitute health risk
             for the subject
      


NCT04334629

        inclusion criteria:

          1. male or female patients aged 18 years and above;

          2. hospitalised;

          3. confirmed or suspected sars-cov-2 infection;

          4. national early warning score (news2) greater than or equal to 3 in a single parameter
             or news2 > 5 overall;

          5. acute hypoxemic respiratory failure: pao2/fio2 ratio less than or equal to 300 or
             spo2/fio2 ratio < 315 (kigali modification)

          6. provision of written informed consent by the patient or by the patient's legal
             representative or professional consultee.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. any of the following contraindications to ibuprofen:

               -  a known hypersensitivity to ibuprofen or any other constituent of the medicinal
                  product;

               -  patients who have previously shown hypersensitivity reactions (e.g. asthma,
                  rhinitis, angioedema or urticaria) in response to aspirin or other non-steroidal
                  anti-inflammatory drugs (nsaids);

               -  patients with a history of, or existing gastrointestinal ulceration/perforation
                  or bleeding, including that associated with nsaids;

               -  patients with severe hepatic failure;

               -  patients with acute renal failure;

               -  patients with severe heart failure.

          2. participation in any other investigational drug products less than 30 days prior to
             study enrolment;

          3. glasgow coma score < 12;

          4. pregnancy;

          5. any medical history that might, in the opinion of the attending clinician, put the
             patient at significant risk if he/she were to participate in the trial;

          6. dnar order/limitation of care.
      


NCT04334928

        inclusion criteria:

          -  participants that, after receiving appropriate information on the study design,
             objectives, possible risks and acknowledging they have the right to withdraw from the
             study consent at any time, sing the informed consent for participation in the study.

          -  male or female aged 18-65 years.

          -  health care workers in public or private hospitals in spain in areas of risk of
             sars-cov-2 transmission.

          -  no previous diagnosis of sars-cov-2 (covid-19) infection plus no symptoms compatible
             with sars-cov-2 (covid-19) since 1st of march 2020 until the date of enrolment in the
             study.

          -  understanding of the aim of the study and, therefore, acknowledging they have not been
             on any drug aiming at pre exposure prophylaxis against sars-cov-2 (covid-19) since 1st
             of march 2020. this also includes prep for hiv.

          -  negative pregnancy test during the previous 7 days to start treatments or more than 2
             years after menopause.

          -  women of reproductive age and their partners should commit to use and highly effective
             contraceptive method ( double barrier, hormonal contraception), during the study
             period and until 6 months after the last dose of treatment.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  hiv infection

          -  active hepatitis b infection.

          -  renal failure with estimated glomerular filtration rate (gfr) < 60 ml/min) and
             patients on hemodialysis.

          -  osteoporosis

          -  myasthenia gravis

          -  pre-existent maculopathy.

          -  retinitis pigmentosa

          -  bradycardia < 50bpm

          -  weight < 40kg

          -  participant with any immunosuppressive condition or hematological disease

          -  treatment with drugs that may prolong qt in the last month before randomization for
             more than 7 days including: azithromycin, chlorpromazine, cisapride, clarithromycin,
             domperidone, droperidol, erythromycin, halofantrine, haloperidol, lumefantrine,
             mefloquine, methadone, pentamidine, procainamide, quinidine, quinine, sotalol,
             sparfloxacin, thioridazine, amiodarone.

          -  breastfeeding

          -  known allergy to any of the medication used in this trial
      


NCT04334967

        inclusion criteria:

          -  must have positive nasopharyngeal swab for sars-cov-2 diagnosed via outpatient testing
             within the previous 48 hours

          -  age ≥ 45 years

          -  not hospitalized at the time of enrollment

          -  established care with providence provider

          -  ability to understand a written or electronic informed consent document

          -  reliable access to a computer or smartphone that can facilitate study communications
             via remote messaging or telephone and willingness to provide daily verbal check ins

        exclusion criteria:

          -  hypersensitivity to chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine

          -  history of retinal disease (macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, retinal
             rear/detachment, retinitis pigmentosa)

          -  history of seizure disorder

          -  history of ventricular tachycardia/fibrillation, history of long-qt syndrome, or icd

          -  current creatinine clearance <10 ml/min or on hemodialysis (as evidenced in emr)

          -  known g6pd deficiency

          -  current use of the following medications: digoxin, amiodarone, flecainide,
             procainamide, oral dapsone. if other meds of concern, route to pharmacist to evaluate

          -  concomitant use of the following only at pharmacist/investigator discretion:
             abiraterone acetate, agalsidase, conivaptan, dabrafenib, dacomitinib, dapsone
             (systemic), digoxin, enzalutamide, fexinidazole, flecainide, fusidic acid (systemic),
             idelalisib, mifepristone, mitotane, pimozide, amiodarone, digoxin, procainamide,
             propafenone, stiripentol

          -  currently on hospice

          -  women of childbearing potential must not be pregnant, and must avoid becoming pregnant
             while on treatment and for 30 days following treatment discontinuation. men must avoid
             fathering a child while on treatment and for 30 days following treatment
             discontinuation

          -  any clinical factors such as bleeding, active infection, or psychiatric factors that
             in the judgment of the investigator would preclude safe participation and compliance
             with study procedures.
      


NCT04335032

        inclusion criteria:

          1. male or female, aged 18 to 80 years.

          2. provided informed consent prior to any study specific procedure being conducted.

          3. virological or serological diagnosis of sars-cov-2.

          4. evidence of viral pneumonia (either ct scan or chest ultrasonogram).

          5. oxygen saturation at rest in ambient air ≤ 95%.

          6. pao2/fio2 <300mmhg without oxygen inhalation

          7. fever defined as temperature ≥ 36.6°c armpit, ≥ 37.2°c oral, ≥ 37.8°c rectal.

        exclusion criteria:

        trial subjects

        selection criteria: inclusion criteria:

        the subject must satisfy the following criteria for entry into the study:

          1. male or female, aged 18 to 80 years.

          2. provided informed consent prior to any study specific procedure being conducted.

          3. virological or serological diagnosis of sars-cov-2.

          4. evidence of viral pneumonia (either ct scan or chest ultrasonogram).

          5. oxygen saturation at rest in ambient air ≤ 95%.

          6. pao2/fio2 <300mmhg without oxygen inhalation

          7. fever defined as temperature ≥ 36.6°c armpit, ≥ 37.2°c oral, ≥ 37.8°c rectal.

        exclusion criteria:

        the subject will be excluded from the study if any of the following applies:

          1. subjects intubated prior to administration of imp.

          2. subjects requiring mechanical ventilation at screening.

          3. known allergic reaction or intolerant to fish or fish oils.

          4. known allergic reaction to excipients of imp.

          5. subjects who are pregnant or breast-feeding at screening.

          6. subjects who are taking other fish-oil supplements (e.g. cod liver oil) who are
             unwilling to stop them for the duration of the study.

          7. subjects taking warfarin or other anti-coagulants.

          8. subjects who are taking other agents for the treatment of sars-cov-2 showing an
             improvement in symptoms in the 24 hours prior to study dosing.

          9. subjects who are participating in other clinical studies at the same time.

         10. evidence of multi-organ failure.

         11. subjects with a do not resuscitate code.

         12. subject is deemed, by the investigator, unlikely to be able to comply with the
             requirements of the protocol.
      


NCT04335071

        inclusion criteria:

        i (first step):

          -  admission to hospital

          -  male or non-pregnant female, ≥60 years of age or ≥30 years of age plus one or more
             known risk factors (arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus, coronary heart disease,
             heart failure, pre-existing chronic pulmonary disease)

          -  confirmed sars-cov infection

          -  radiographic evidence compatible with covid-19 pneumonia (x-ray/ct scan, etc.)

          -  signed informed consent form

        ii (second step; indication for intervention):

          -  crp ≥50mg/l plus 3 out of the following 5 criteria need to be fulfilled:

          -  respiration rate ≥25

          -  spo2 <93% (on ambient air)

          -  pao2 <65 mmhg

          -  persistent or increasing dyspnoea as defined by a one point increase on the mmrc
             dyspnoea scale (over 1 hour)

          -  persistent or increasing oxygen demand (over 1 hour)

        exclusion criteria:

        i (first step):

          -  patients >80 years of age

          -  patient included in any other interventional trial

          -  indication for imminent or immediate transfer to icu

          -  treatment with tcz (or other anti-il-6r treatment) within 4 weeks prior to baseline

          -  uncontrolled bacterial superinfection according to investigator

          -  history of severe allergic reaction to tcz

          -  history of diverticulitis requiring antibiotic treatment or history of colon
             perforation

          -  history of primary immunodeficiency (e.g. cvid) or progressing malignancy

          -  history of chronic liver disease (>child-pugh a, or according to investigator)

        ii (second step; contraindication for intervention):

          -  alanine transaminase/aspartate transaminase (alt/ast) >5 times of the upper limit of
             normal

          -  hemoglobin <80 g/l

          -  leukocytes <2.0 g/l

          -  absolute neutrophil count <1.0 g/l

          -  platelets <50 g/l
      


NCT04335084

        inclusion criteria:

          1. signed informed consent, demonstrating that the subject understands the procedures
             required for the study and the purpose of the study

          2. healthy male or female subjects 18 years of age or older that are considered to be
             high-risk individuals. high-risk individuals are defined as all health care workers in
             hospitals, clinics, and emergency rooms, and medical facilities.

          3. subjects must agree to practice at least one highly effective method of birth control
             for the duration of the study

        exclusion criteria:

          1. refusal to sign informed consent form

          2. any previous positive test for covid-19 by pcr

          3. symptomatic for covid-19

          4. diarrhea

          5. type i or ii diabetes

          6. atherosclerotic coronary artery disease

          7. any contraindication for treatment with plaquenil

          8. any comorbidities which, in the opinion of the investigator, constitute health risk
             for the subject. these include congestive heart failure, cardiac arrhythmia, prior
             malignancy other than non-melanoma skin cancer, hiv positive, hepatitis b surface
             antigen positive, hepatitis c, inflammatory bowel disease, tuberculosis, and any
             significant infection. any other condition that in the investigator's opinion should
             not be enrolled.
      


NCT04335123

        inclusion criteria:

          -  age >18 years admitted to the university of kansas health system.

          -  confirmation of infection with sars-cov-2 by pcr testing.

          -  hypoxic respiratory failure

             o requiring mechanical ventilation or oxygen, an oxygen saturation (spo2) ≤94% or a
             pao2/fio2 (p/f) ratio <300 or tachypnea (respiratory rate ≥24 breaths/min).

          -  other concomitant medications such as antivirals and hydroxychloroquine are allowed.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  pregnancy.

          -  respiratory failure due to a process other than covid-19.

          -  intolerance to arbs.

          -  current treatment with an angiotensin receptor blocker (arb) or angiotensin converting
             enzyme (ace) inhibitor.

          -  current chronic use of medication with known interactions with losartan including
             nsaids (intermittent prior use is acceptable), potassium supplementation aliskiren.

          -  blood pressure less than 90 mm hg systolic or 60 mm hg diastolic recorded on at least
             two readings 30 min apart.

          -  need for vasopressors, unless norepinephrine ≤0.1 µg/kg/min

          -  need for vasopressors.

          -  hyperkalemia (serum k+ >5.5 mm).

          -  known cardiac failure (left ventricular ejection fraction ≤35%), renal insufficiency
             (cockcroft-gault <30 ml/min/1.73 m2 or urinary output <20 ml/h), hepatic failure (lfts
             > 5x normal upper limit).

          -  known renal artery stenosis.

          -  neurological, psychiatric, endocrine or neoplastic diseases that are judged to
             interfere with participation in the study.

          -  on another interventional trial (including one for covid-19) that excludes
             participation.
      


NCT04335136

        inclusion criteria:

          1. hospitalized male or female

          2. diagnosed to be covid-19 positiv

          3. signed inform consent form

        exclusion criteria:

          1. any patient whose clinical condition is deteriorating rapidly

          2. known positive hepatitis b surface antigen, hepatitis c antibody or hiv antibody

          3. history of sensitivity to any of the study medications, or components thereof or a
             history of drug or other allergy that, in the opinion of the investigator or medical
             monitor, contraindicates their participation

          4. pregnant females as determined by positive serum or urine hcg test prior to dosing

          5. lung transplantation

          6. pre-existing renal failure, i.e. requiring renal replacement therapy with hemodialysis
             or peritoneal dialysis

          7. there are other uncontrolled co-morbidities that increase the risks associated with
             the study drug administration, that are assessed by the medical expert team as
             unsuitable

          8. patient in trials for covid-19 within 30 days before icf

          9. immunocompromised patients (chemotherapy, hiv, organ transplants, stem cell
             transplants)
      


NCT04335201

        inclusion criteria:

          -  documented covid-19 pneumonia: defined as upper respiratory tract specimen
             (nasopharyngeal swab (nps) or viral throat swab) positive for covid-19 and/or imaging
             at computed tomography scan suggestive of covid-19 pneumonia

          -  oxygen saturation (sao2) of 92% or less without oxygen support, or reduction of 3%
             from basal value of sao2, or a ratio of the partial pressure of oxygen (pao2) to the
             fraction of inspired oxygen (fio2) (pao2/fio2) below 300.

          -  any gender

          -  age >= 18 years

          -  written informed consent or as per ethical committee indication in case of patients
             not able to express written informed consent

        exclusion criteria:

          -  onset of covid-19 pneumonia >14 days

          -  orotracheal intubation

          -  uncontrolled systemic infection (other than covid-19)

          -  concomitant use of thrombolytic therapy concomitant systemic anticoagulant therapy
             (e.g. heparin, warfarin, direct thrombin inhibitors and direct factor xa inhibitors)

          -  haemodynamic instability, defined as inability to maintain mean arterial pressure with
             single pressor support

          -  hypersensitivity to the active substance or to any of the excipients of the
             experimental drug

          -  patients who, based on the investigator's clinical judgement, are not able to receive
             the treatment

          -  pregnancy or breastfeeding patient
      


NCT04335305

        inclusion criteria:

          1. signed informed consent form (icf) prior to participation in any study-related
             activities.

          2. male or nonpregnant female patients ≥ 18 years at the time of signing icf.

          3. laboratory confirmed covid-19 infection defined with a positive reverse
             transcription-polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr) from any specimen and/or detection of
             sars-cov-2 immunoglobulin (ig)m/igg antibodies.

          4. diagnostic confirmation of pneumonia by either chest x-ray or thoracic ct scan
             (preferable).

          5. patient with severe acute respiratory syndrome related to covid-19 under treatment as
             per hospital protocol during at least 48 hours.

          6. patients with sequential organ failure assessment (sofa) score ≤ 3 at the time of
             signing icf.

          7. patients hospitalized with fever defined as temperature ≥ 37,5 °c armpit.

          8. patients with total lymphocyte count ≤0,8 x106/ml.

          9. patients who are showing spo2 ≤ 92% on room air and/or patient who are showing spo2 ≤
             94% on room air and meet at least one of the following parameters:

               -  no objective clinical improvement at physician's discretion after 48 hours of
                  front-line standard care for covid-19;

               -  decrease in lymphocyte count (any decrease within 48 hours);

               -  increase in ferritin levels (any increase within 48 hours);

               -  increase in il-6 levels (any increase within 48 hours);

               -  increase in d-dimer levels (any increase within 48 hours);

               -  increase in crp levels (any increase within 48 hours);

               -  increase in ldh levels (any increase within 48 hours);

               -  increase in esr levels (any increase within 48 hours).

         10. life expectancy greater than 10 days.

         11. willing to take study medication and to comply with all study procedures.

         12. in women of childbearing potential, negative pregnancy test and commitment to use
             contraceptive method throughout the study.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. participation in any other clinical trial of an experimental treatment for covid-19.

          2. concurrent treatment with other agents with actual or possible direct acting antiviral
             activity against sars-cov-2 is prohibited < 24 hours prior to study drug dosing,
             except the commonly used antiviral drugs and/or chloroquine.

          3. requiring endotracheal intubation, mechanical ventilation, and extracorporeal membrane
             oxygenation (ecmo) at screening.

          4. patients being treated with immunomodulators or anti-rejection drugs.

          5. alanine aminotransferase (alt) or aspartate aminotransferase (ast) > 5 x upper limit
             of normal (uln).

          6. creatinine clearance < 50 ml/min.

          7. chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) or end-stage lung disease that require
             home oxygen therapy.

          8. known hypersensitivity to recombinant proteins, or any excipient contained in the drug
             formulation of study pembrolizumab and tocilizumab.

          9. treatment with high doses of systemic corticosteroids within 72 hours prior signing
             the icf except for inhaled steroids and prior corticosteroid therapy at dose lower
             than or equal to 10 mg/day methylprednisolone equivalent.

         10. bowel diverticulitis or perforation.

         11. diagnosis of immunodeficiency receiving immunosuppressive therapy within seven days
             prior to study treatment initiation. active autoimmune disease that has required
             systemic treatment in past 2 years (i.e., with use of disease modifying agents,
             corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive drugs).

         12. current known infection with human immunodeficiency virus (hiv), hepatitis b virus
             (hbv), or hepatitis c virus (hcv). patients with past hbv infection or resolved hbv
             infection (defined as having a negative hepatitis b surface antigen [hbsag] test and a
             positive hepatitis b core antibody [hbcab] test, accompanied by a negative hbv dna
             test) are eligible. patients positive for hcv antibody are eligible only if polymerase
             chain reaction (pcr) is negative for hcv ribonucleic acid (rna).

         13. vaccination with any live virus vaccine within 28 days prior to study treatment
             initiation.

             note: examples of live vaccines include, but are not limited to, the following:
             measles, mumps, rubella, chicken pox/zoster, yellow fever, rabies, bacillus
             calmette-guérin (bcg), and typhoid vaccine. seasonal influenza vaccines for injection
             are generally killed virus vaccines and are allowed; however, intranasal influenza
             vaccines (e.g., flumist®) are live-attenuated vaccines and are not allowed.

         14. history of prior allogeneic bone marrow, stem-cell, or solid organ transplantation.

         15. patients have any other concurrent severe medical condition that would, in the
             investigator's judgment contraindicate patient participation in the clinical study.

         16. pregnant women, lactating women and planned pregnant women.
      


NCT04335552

        inclusion criteria:

          1. admitted to participating hospital with symptoms suggestive of covid-19 infection or
             develop symptoms of covid-19 during hospitalization

          2. subject (or legally authorized representative) can provide written informed consent
             (in english or spanish) affirming intention to comply with planned study procedures
             prior to enrollment

          3. male or female adult aged 12 years or older at the time of enrollment

          4. has laboratory-confirmed sars-cov-2 infection determined by a validated nucleic acid
             amplification assay (public health or commercial) in any respiratory specimen
             collected within 14 days of randomization

          5. illness of any duration that includes

               -  radiographic evidence of pulmonary infiltrates (chest x-ray or ct scan) or

               -  clinical documentation of lower respiratory symptoms (cough, shortness of breath,
                  wheezing) or

               -  any documented spo2 ≤ 94% on room air or

               -  any inpatient initiation or supplemental oxygen regardless of documented cause

        exclusion criteria:

          1. participating in any other clinical trial of an experimental agent for covid-19

          2. on hydroxychloroquine at any time during hospitalization, or within 180 days of
             hospitalization for covid-19 regardless of indication

          3. history of g6pd deficiency, cirrhosis, long qt syndrome or porphyria of any
             classification

          4. most recent ecg prior to time of screening with qtc of ≥500 msec

          5. known hypersensitivity to hydroxychloroquine or 4-aminoquinoline derivatives

          6. death anticipated within 48 hours of enrollment

          7. inability to obtain informed consent from the patient or designated medical decision
             maker
      


NCT04335786

        inclusion criteria

          -  adult (age ≥ 18 years)

          -  admitted to the hospital of any participating center

          -  confirmed sars-cov-2 infection with either: positive laboratory test for sars-cov-2* ;
             or positive ct thorax diagnostic for sars-cov-2 infection according to the prevailing
             criteria

          -  randomization:

               -  within 24 hours of confirmed in-hospital sars-cov-2 infection diagnosis or

               -  within 24 hours of hospital admission in case of pre-hospital confirmed
                  sars-cov-2 infection.

                    -  in case there is a lack of laboratory tests for sars-cov-2 in the
                       participating center of the potentially eligible patient, a positive
                       laboratory test for sars-cov-2 will be no longer required. in that case, the
                       potentially eligible patient needs to meet the prevailing criteria for the
                       diagnosis of sars-cov-2 infection of that participating center, such as
                       typical abnormalities on pulmonary ct in the setting of high clinical
                       suspicion of sars-cov-2 infection.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  admitted to icu prior to randomization

          -  currently taking an arb or angiotensin-receptor-neprilysin-inhibitor (arni)

          -  use of other investigational drugs at the time of enrollment

          -  prior reaction or intolerance to an arb or arni; or severe intolerance to an acei,
             defined as angio-oedema requiring medical intervention

          -  systolic blood pressure < 105mmhg or diastolic blood pressure <65mmhg

          -  potassium greater than 5.5 meq/l within 4 weeks of study enrollment.

          -  estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr) of < 30ml/min/1.73 m2 within 4 weeks of
             study initiation

          -  a known history of renal artery stenosis

          -  ast and/or alt > 3 times the upper limit of normal within 4 weeks of study enrollment.
             in case of mild to moderate liver dysfunction valsartan dosage will be limited to a
             maximum of 80mg

          -  severe liver dysfunction, biliary cirrhosis or cholestasis

          -  severe volume depletion or severe acute kidney injury that, in the opinion of the
             investigator, would preclude administration of valsartan

          -  concurrent treatment with aliskiren

          -  inability to obtain informed consent

          -  pregnancy or breastfeeding

          -  in females of childbearing age, unwillingness to use birth control or to be sexually
             abstinent for the duration of the study
      


NCT04336332

        inclusion criteria:

          -  patients with proven sars-cov-2 infection by an accepted assay with symptoms
             consistent with covid-19

          -  ability to measure and quantify viral load by quantitative pcr

          -  temperature >100.6°f

          -  age 18 to 89

          -  ability to swallow oral medications

          -  patients must read, understand and sign irb approved informed consent

        exclusion criteria:

          -  pregnancy or women who are breast feeding

          -  two consecutive negative assays for sars-cov-2 infection

          -  patients that lack decision-making capacity will not be approached to participate in
             this study

          -  inability to tolerate oral medications

          -  allergy or prior adverse reaction to either azithromycin or hydroxychloroquine sulfate

          -  qtc interval > 450 msec

          -  history of ongoing ventricular cardiac dysrhythmias of grade 2 as described by nci
             ctcae 5.0 criteria

          -  history of serious ventricular arrhythmia (vt or vf > 3 beats in a row)
      


NCT04336410

        inclusion criteria:

          -  judged to be healthy by the investigator on the basis of medical history, physical
             examination and vital signs performed at screening.

          -  able and willing to comply with all study procedures.

          -  screening laboratory results within normal limits or deemed not clinically significant
             by the investigator.

          -  negative serological tests for hepatitis b surface antigen (hbsag), hepatitis c
             antibody and human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) antibody screening.

          -  screening electrocardiogram (ecg) deemed by the investigator as having no clinically
             significant findings (e.g. wolff-parkinson-white syndrome).

          -  use of medically effective contraception with a failure rate of < 1% per year when
             used consistently and correctly from screening until 3 months following last dose, be
             post-menopausal, be surgically sterile or have a partner who is sterile.

        exclusion criteria:

          -  pregnant or breastfeeding, or intending to become pregnant or father children within
             the projected duration of the trial from screening until 3 months following last dose.

          -  is currently participating in or has participated in a study with an investigational
             product within 30 days preceding day 0.

          -  previous exposure to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) or
             receipt of an investigational vaccine product for the prevention of covid-19, middle
             east respiratory syndrome (mers) or severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars).

          -  current or history of the following medical conditions:

               -  respiratory diseases

               -  hypertension

               -  malignancy within 5 years of screening

               -  cardiovascular diseases

          -  immunosuppression as a result of underlying illness or treatment including:

               -  primary immunodeficiencies

               -  long term use (≥7 days) of oral or parenteral glucocorticoids

               -  current or anticipated use of disease-modifying doses of anti-rheumatic drugs
                  (and biologic disease-modifying drugs

               -  history of solid organ or bone marrow transplantation

               -  prior history of other clinically significant immunosuppressive or clinically
                  diagnosed autoimmune disease

          -  fewer than two acceptable sites are available for intradermal (id) injection and
             electroporation (ep) considering the deltoid and anterolateral quadriceps muscles.

          -  any physical examination findings and/or history of any illness that, in the opinion
             of the study investigator, might confound the results of the study or pose an
             additional risk to the patient by their participation in the study.
      


NCT04336748

        inclusion criteria:

          -  health-care worker with frequent contact with confirmed covid-19 patients

          -  no active or past infection with sars-cov-2

          -  18 years of age or older

          -  no allergy or contraindication to hydroxychloroquine

          -  written informed consent

        exclusion criteria:

          -  age of less than 18 years

          -  pregnancy or lactation

          -  unwillingness to use effective contraception during the participation in the trial

          -  use of concomitant medication that prolongs the qt interval

          -  allergy or contraindication to hydroxychloroquine

          -  retinopathy or maculopathy

          -  neuromuscular diseases (i.e myasthenia gravis, parkinson's disease)

          -  g6pd deficiency
      


NCT04336904

        inclusion criteria:

          1. voluntarily participating in the clinical study; fully understanding and being fully
             informed of the study and having signed the informed consent form (icf); willingness
             and capability to complete all the study procedures;

          2. age 18-75 years (inclusive) at the time of signing icf;

          3. being confirmed with covid-19-moderate type according to competent authority and
             italian ministry of health guidelines and to the recommendations reported in appendix
             1 to the present protocol. based on comprehensive analysis and judgement taking into
             account both the epidemiological history and clinical manifestations, the diagnosis is
             to be confirmed for suspected cases/clinically diagnosed cases with all of the
             following etiological evidences:

               -  positivity in rt-pcr 2019-ncov test on respiratory tract specimens;

               -  high homology with known gene sequence of 2019-ncov in viral gene sequencing on
                  respiratory tract specimens; note: the above criterion would be subject to any
                  update of the competent authority and italian ministry of health guidelines and
                  to the recommendations reported in appendix 1 to the present protocol. in case
                  any new etiologically detection methods/criteria or any new detectable specimens
                  become available after confirmed diagnosis, the new methods or new specimens may
                  or may not be used at the discretion of the investigator.

             note: sputum specimen is preferred for rt-pcr test of 2019-ncov nucleic acid; the
             specific type of respiratory tract specimen (e.g., nasopharyngeal swabs, sputum, lower
             respiratory tract secretions) is to be selected based on the conditions of the local
             laboratory.

             the type of specimen and detection method for 2019-ncov should remain consistent for
             the same subject receiving study treatment.

          4. chest imaging (ct as first option or x-ray if ct not possible)-documented pneumonia;
             if ct cannot be performed, pneumonia confirmed by x-ray may be used. the method of
             chest imaging pneumonia diagnosis must be consistent all through the study period.

          5. patients with pyrexia (axillary ≥37℃ or oral ≥37.5℃, or axillary or rectal≥38℃) or
             either respiratory rate >24/min and <30/min or cough; for not hospitalized patients,
             the investigator should maintain the detection method consistent all through the study
             period. in addition, the investigator should maintain the data collection and quality
             compliant with gcp requirements.

          6. the interval between symptoms onset and randomization is no more than 10 days;
             symptoms onset is primarily based on pyrexia, and can be based on cough or other
             related symptoms for patients without experiencing pyrexia following onset;

          7. for female subjects: evidence of post-menopause, or, for pre-menopause subjects,
             negative pre-treatment serum or urine pregnancy test. menopause is defined as
             amenorrhea for at least 12 months without other medical cause, with the following
             age-specific requirements:

               -  for female subjects aged <50 years: menopause for at least 12 months following
                  withdrawal of exogenous hormonal therapy, with lh or fsh within the
                  post-menopausal ranges, or having undergone any contraceptive surgery (bilateral
                  oophorectomy or hysterectomy);

               -  for female subjects aged ≥50 years: menopause for at least 12 months following
                  withdrawal of exogenous hormonal therapy, or having undergone
                  radiotherapy-induced oophorectomy with amenorrhea>1 year, or having undergone
                  chemotherapy-induced menopause with amenorrhea>1 year, or having undergone any
                  contraceptive surgery (bilateral oophorectomy or hysterectomy).

          8. eligible subjects of child-bearing age (male or female) must agree to take effective
             contraceptive measures (including hormonal contraception, barrier methods or
             abstinence) with his/her partner during the study period and for at least 7 days
             following the last study treatment;

          9. not participating in any other interventional drug clinical studies before completion
             of the present study.

        exclusion criteria:

          1. where, in the opinion of the investigator, participation in this study will not be in
             the best interest of the subject, or any other circumstances that prevent the subject
             from participating in the study safely;

          2. refractory nausea, vomiting, or chronic gastrointestinal disorders, inability to
             swallow the study drug or having undergone extensive bowel resection which may affect
             adequate absorption of favipiravir;

          3. severe liver disease: underlying liver cirrhosis or alanine aminotransferase
             (alt)/aspartate aminotransferase (ast) elevated over 5 times the uln;

          4. gout/history of gout or hyperuricemia (above the uln);

          5. oxygen saturation (spo2)≤93% or arterial oxygen partial pressure (pao2)/ fraction of
             inspired o2 (fio2)≤300 mmhg;

          6. known allergy or hypersensitivity to favipiravir;

          7. known severe renal impairment [creatinine clearance (cccl) <30 ml/min] or having
             received continuous renal replacement therapy, hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis;
             cccl is to be calculated by the following cockcroft-gault formula only when the serum
             creatinine is＞1.5×uln

          8. possibility of the subject being transferred to a non-study hospital within 72h;

          9. pregnant or lactating women;

         10. having used favipiravir or participated in any other interventional drug clinical
             study within 30 days prior to first dose of study drug.

        note: considering that covid-19 requires immediate treatment, absence of severe
        hepatic/renal disorders (e.g., cirrhosis, long-term dialysis) in the medical record can be
        used as an evidence for eligibility determination. it is recommended that hepatic function
        and creatinine be examined whenever possible.
      


NCT04337216

        inclusion criteria:

          -  documented covid19 pneumonia (positive sars-cov2 test, bilateral abnormalities/
             infiltrates on chest x-ray or computed tomography, active fever or documented fever
             within 24-48 or ongoing anti-pyretic use to suppress fever).

          -  hypoxia (room air spo2 <92% or requirement for supplemental oxygen).

          -  increased serum inflammatory markers (crp > 5 mg/dl and ldh >upper limit of normal for
             local laboratory).

        exclusion criteria:

          -  onset of covid-19 >14 days

          -  hospitalized >7 days

          -  mechanically ventilated

          -  age <18 years-old

          -  neutropenia (absolute neutrophil count <1,500/mm3)

          -  serious concomitant illness which in the opinion of the investigator precludes the
             patient from enrolling in the trial, including (but not limited to):

               -  history of immunodeficiency (congenital or acquired)

               -  history of solid-organ or bone marrow transplant

               -  history of current systemic autoimmune or autoinflammatory disease(s) requiring
                  systemic immune-modulating drugs

               -  history of myeloproliferative disorder or active malignancy receiving cytotoxic
                  chemotherapy

               -  pre-existing severe pulmonary disease (i.e. asthma, copd, or others)

               -  pre-existing severe left ventricular systolic dysfunction (i.e. lvef <35%)

               -  known active tuberculosis (tb) or history of incompletely treated tb or at high
                  risk for latent tb (for exposure or prior incarceration)

               -  concomitant systemic bacterial or fungal infection

               -  concomitant viral infection other than covd-19 (e.g. influenza)

               -  history of chronic liver disease with portal hypertension

               -  history of end-stage renal disease on chronic renal replacement therapy

          -  recent treatment with cell-depleting biological therapies (e.g., anti-cd20) within 12
             months noncell-depleting biological therapies (such as anti-tumor necrosis
             factor-alpha [tnf-alpha], anakinra, anti-interleukin [il]-6 receptor [e.g.
             tocilizumab], or abatacept) within 8 weeks (or 5 half-lives, whichever is longer),
             treatment with alkylating agents within 12 weeks, treatment with cyclosporine a,
             azathioprine, cyclophosphamide, or mycophenolate mofetil (mmf) within 4 weeks

          -  recent treatment with intramuscular live (attenuated) vaccine within the 4 weeks

          -  chronic or recent corticosteroid use

          -  pregnancy or lactation or newborn

          -  enrolled in another investigational study using immunosuppressive therapy

          -  enrolled in a blinded clinical trial of any type

          -  known hypersensitivity to mavrilimumab or any of its excipients

          -  in the opinion of the investigator, unable to comply with the requirements to
             participate in the study
      


NCT04337281

        inclusion criteria:

          -  pregnancy

          -  covid19 positive

          -  no lung disease

          -  no additional disease

          -  no vitamin c allergy

        exclusion criteria:

          -  not pregnant

          -  have lung disease
      


NCT04337359

        inclusion criteria:

        patients eligible for inclusion in this treatment plan have to meet all of the following
        criteria:

        written patient informed consent or assent must be obtained prior to start of treatment.

          -  patients aged ≥ 6 years

          -  patients clinically diagnosed with sars-cov-2 infection, either through positive serum
             antibodies (igm or igg); or by pcr; or by other approved diagnostic methodology.
             patients with presumptive diagnosis of covid-19 (other respiratory causes ruled out
             and sars-cov-2 test pending) may be included.

          -  adult and adolescent patients (≥12years), who meet one of the below criteria

               -  respiratory frequency ≥ 30/min

               -  oxygen saturation ≤ 93% on room air (fio2=0.21)

               -  arterial oxygen partial pressure (pao2)/ fraction of inspired oxygen (fio2)
                  <300mmhg(1mmhg=0.133kpa) (corrective formulation should be used for higher
                  altitude regions (over 1000m).

        and

        -- patients with lung imaging showing pulmonary infiltrates (chest x-ray or ct scan)

        pediatric patients (≥6-<12 years) who meet one of the below criteria (where appropriate):

          -  shortness of breath

          -  oxygen saturation <92% on room air (fi)2=0.21)

          -  labored breathing (e.g. wheezing, flaring of nostrils, three concave sign), cyanosis,
             intermittent apnea.

          -  lethargy or convulsions

          -  refusal to eat or difficulty with feeding; signs of dehydration

        exclusion criteria:

          -  patients eligible for this treatment plan must not meet any of the following criteria:

          -  history of hypersensitivity to any drugs or metabolites of similar chemical classes as
             ruxolitinib

          -  presence of severely impaired renal function defined by serum creatinine > 2 mg/dl
             (>176.8 μmol/l), or have estimated creatinine clearance < 30 ml/min measured or
             calculated by cockroft gault equation or calculated by the updated bedside schwartz
             equation.

          -  pregnant or nursing (lactating) women.

          -  patients who are not able to understand and to comply with treatment instructions and
             requirements unless health care proxy is able to provide consent.
      


