NCT04283461

        Inclusion Criteria:

        A subject must meet all of the following criteria to be eligible to participate in this
        study:

          1. Provides written informed consent prior to initiation of any study procedures.

          2. Be able to understand and agrees to comply with planned study procedures and be
             available for all study visits.

          3. Agrees to the collection of venous blood per protocol.

          4. Male or non-pregnant female, 18 to 55 years of age, inclusive, at time of enrollment.

          5. Body Mass Index 18-35 kg/m^2, inclusive, at screening.

          6. Women of childbearing potential* must agree to use or have practiced true abstinence**
             or use at least one acceptable primary form of contraception.***, **** Note: These
             criteria are applicable to females in a heterosexual relationship and child-bearing
             potential (i.e., the criteria do not apply to subjects in a same sex relationship).

             *Not of childbearing potential - post-menopausal females (defined as having a history
             of amenorrhea for at least one year) or a documented status as being surgically
             sterile (hysterectomy, bilateral oophorectomy, tubal ligation/salpingectomy, or
             Essure(R) placement).

             **True abstinence is 100% of time no sexual intercourse (male's penis enters the
             female's vagina). (Periodic abstinence [e.g., calendar, ovulation, symptothermal,
             post-ovulation methods] and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception).

             ***Acceptable forms of primary contraception include monogamous relationship with a
             vasectomized partner who has been vasectomized for 180 days or more prior to the
             subject's first vaccination, intrauterine devices, birth control pills, and
             injectable/implantable/insertable hormonal birth control products.

             ****Must use at least one acceptable primary form of contraception for at least 30
             days prior to the first vaccination and at least one acceptable primary form of
             contraception for 60 days after the last vaccination.

          7. Women of childbearing potential must have a negative urine or serum pregnancy test
             within 24 hours prior to each vaccination.

          8. Male subjects of childbearing potential*: use of condoms to ensure effective
             contraception with a female partner from first vaccination until 3 months after the
             last vaccination.

             *Biological males who are post-pubertal and considered fertile until permanently
             sterile by bilateral orchiectomy or vasectomy.

          9. Male subjects agree to refrain from sperm donation from the time of first vaccination
             until 3 months after the last vaccination.

         10. Oral temperature is less than 100.0 degrees Fahrenheit (37.8 degrees Celsius).

         11. Pulse no greater than 100 beats per minute.

         12. Systolic blood pressure (BP) is 85 to 150 mmHg, inclusive.

         13. Clinical screening laboratory evaluations (white blood cell (WBC), hemoglobin (Hgb),
             platelets (PLTs), alanine transaminase (ALT), aspartate transaminase (AST), creatinine
             (Cr), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), total bilirubin (T. Bili), Lipase, prothrombin time
             (PT), and partial thromboplastin time (PTT)) are within acceptable normal reference
             ranges at the clinical laboratory being used.

         14. Must agree to have samples stored for secondary research.

         15. Agrees to adhere to Lifestyle Considerations throughout study duration.

        Exclusion Criteria:

        A subject who meets any of the following criteria will be excluded from participation in
        this study:

          1. Positive pregnancy test either at screening or just prior to each vaccine
             administration.

          2. Female subject who is breastfeeding or plans to breastfeed from the time of the first
             vaccination through 60 days after the last vaccination.

          3. Has any medical disease or condition that, in the opinion of the site PI or
             appropriate sub-investigator, precludes study participation.*

             *Including acute, subacute, intermittent or chronic medical disease or condition that
             would place the subject at an unacceptable risk of injury, render the subject unable
             to meet the requirements of the protocol, or may interfere with the evaluation of
             responses or the subject's successful completion of this trial.

          4. Presence of self-reported or medically documented significant medical or psychiatric
             condition(s).*

             *Significant medical or psychiatric conditions include but are not limited to:
             Respiratory disease (e.g., chronic obstructive pulmonary disease [COPD], asthma)
             requiring daily medications currently or any treatment of respiratory disease
             exacerbations (e.g., asthma exacerbation) in the last 5 years. Asthma medications:
             inhaled, oral, or intravenous (IV) corticosteroids, leukotriene modifiers, long and
             short acting beta agonists, theophylline, ipratropium, biologics.

             Significant cardiovascular disease (e.g., congestive heart failure, cardiomyopathy,
             ischemic heart disease) or history of myocarditis or pericarditis as an adult.

             Neurological or neurodevelopmental conditions (e.g., migraines, epilepsy, stroke,
             seizures in the last 3 years, encephalopathy, focal neurologic deficits,
             Guillain-Barré syndrome, encephalomyelitis or transverse myelitis).

             Ongoing malignancy or recent diagnosis of malignancy in the last five years excluding
             basal cell and squamous cell carcinoma of the skin, which are allowed.

             An autoimmune disease, including hypothyroidism without a defined non-autoimmune
             cause, localized or history of psoriasis.

             An immunodeficiency of any cause.

          5. Has an acute illness*, as determined by the site PI or appropriate sub-investigator,
             with or without fever [oral temperature >38.0 degrees Celsius (100.4 degrees
             Fahrenheit)] within 72 hours prior to each vaccination.

             *An acute illness which is nearly resolved with only minor residual symptoms remaining
             is allowable if, in the opinion of the site PI or appropriate sub-investigator, the
             residual symptoms will not interfere with the ability to assess safety parameters as
             required by the protocol.

          6. Has a positive test result for hepatitis B surface antigen, hepatitis C virus
             antibody, or HIV types 1 or 2 antibodies at screening.

          7. Has participated in another investigational study involving any investigational
             product* within 60 days, or 5 half-lives, whichever is longer, before the first
             vaccine administration.

             *study drug, biologic or device

          8. Currently enrolled in or plans to participate in another clinical trial with an
             investigational agent* that will be received during the study-reporting period.**

             *Including licensed or unlicensed vaccine, drug, biologic, device, blood product, or
             medication.

             **13 months after the first vaccination.

          9. Has previously participated in an investigational study involving lipid nanoparticles
             (LNPs) (a component of the investigational vaccine assessed in this trial).

         10. Has a history of hypersensitivity or severe allergic reaction (e.g., anaphylaxis,
             generalized urticaria, angioedema, other significant reaction) to any previous
             licensed or unlicensed vaccines.

         11. Chronic use (more than 14 continuous days) of any medications that may be associated
             with impaired immune responsiveness.*

               -  Including, but not limited to, systemic corticosteroids exceeding 10 mg/day of
                  prednisone equivalent, allergy injections, immunoglobulin, interferon,
                  immunomodulators, cytotoxic drugs, or other similar or toxic drugs during the
                  preceding 6-month period prior to vaccine administration (Day 1). The use of low
                  dose topical, ophthalmic, inhaled and intranasal steroid preparations will be
                  permitted.

         12. Received immunoglobulins and/or any blood or blood products within the 4 months before
             the first vaccine administration or at any time during the study.

         13. Has any blood dyscrasias or significant disorder of coagulation.

         14. Has any chronic liver disease, including fatty liver.

         15. Has a history of alcohol abuse or other recreational drug (excluding cannabis) use
             within 6 months before the first vaccine administration.

         16. Has a positive test result for drugs of abuse at screening or before the first vaccine
             administration. If cannabis is the only detected drug, inclusion is permitted.

         17. Has any abnormality or permanent body art (e.g., tattoo) that would interfere with the
             ability to observe local reactions at the injection site (deltoid region).

         18. Received or plans to receive a licensed, live vaccine within 4 weeks before or after
             each vaccination.

         19. Received or plans to receive a licensed, inactivated vaccine within 2 weeks before or
             after each vaccination.

         20. Receipt of any other 2019-nCoV or other experimental coronavirus vaccine at any time
             prior to or during the study.

         21. Known close contact of anyone known to have 2019-nCoV infection within 2 weeks prior
             to vaccine administration.

         22. Has traveled to China within 30 days before the first vaccination.

         23. Current use of any prescription or over-the-counter medications within 7 days prior to
             vaccination, unless approved by the investigator.

         24. The subject must agree to refrain from donating blood or plasma during the study.

         25. Plan to travel outside the US (continental US, Hawaii, and Alaska) from enrollment
             through 28 days after the second vaccination.
      

NCT04303507

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Participant is willing and able to give informed consent for participation in the
             study and agrees with the study and its conduct

          -  Agrees not to self-medicate with chloroquine, hydroxychloroquine or other potential
             antivirals

          -  Adults ≥ 16 years

          -  Not previously diagnosed with COVID-19

          -  Participant works in healthcare facility or other well characterised high-risk
             environment, OR is an inpatient or relative of a patient in a participating hospital
             and likely exposed to COVID-19 infection or another high-risk group

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Hypersensitivity reaction to chloroquine, hydroxychloroquine or 4-aminoquinolines

          -  Contraindication to taking chloroquine as prophylaxis e.g. known epileptic, creatinine
             clearance < 10 ml/min

          -  Already taking chloroquine, hydroxychloroquine or 4-aminoquinolines

          -  Known retinal disease

          -  Inability to be followed up for the trial period

          -  Taking a concomitant medication (Abiraterone acetate, Agalsidase, Amodiaquine,
             Conivaptan, Dabrafenib, Dacomitinib, Dapsone (Systemic), Enzalutamide, Fusidic Acid
             (Systemic), Idelalisib, Lanthanum, Lumefantrine, Mefloquine, MiFEPRIStone, Mitotane,
             Pimozide, QT-prolonging Agents, Stiripentol) which cannot be safely stopped
      

NCT04319211

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Being between the ages of 18-55

          -  To continue their active education or business life before the social isolation
             period.

          -  Spending time at home differently from routine life recently

          -  Having a smart phone

          -  Not having visual impairment

          -  Being literate in Turkish

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Mental disability or diagnosed severe psychological discomfort

          -  Being diagnosed with serious systemic disease (cardiovascular, metabolic, pulmonary…)

          -  Changing the living conditions in the last 3 months (moving, changing jobs ...)
      

NCT04320862

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  flu-like symptoms

          -  a viral test order for COVID-19

          -  confirmed COVID-19

          -  concern for exposure to COVID-19

        Exclusion Criteria:

        - None
      

NCT04290780

        Inclusion Criteria:

        1 ) Any adult or child or member of the nursing staff from the study participant hospital
        who presents an infectious syndrome including the following definition :

        2) Suspect Case:

        Fever above 37.8 ° C if no antipyretics are taken; And or Cough or pharyngeal pain or other
        symptom suggestive of respiratory infection. AND at least 1 of the following
        characteristics:

          -  return from a trip to China, or to a country in which the increase in the incidence of
             infections in SARS-CoV-2 has been proven;

          -  close contact (sharing the same place of family, professional life, same plane, etc.)
             with a person defined as a suspected or confirmed case;

          -  Occurring in an establishment having received at least one case of suspected or
             confirmed infection at SARS-CoV-2.

        Or 3) Confirmed Case: The same clinical definitions, in addition to a positive RT-PCR-type
        virological diagnostic result specific to SARS-CoV-2

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Anyone who does not meet the above definition.
      

NCT04226157

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Acute ischemic stroke in the past 180 days of screening

          -  Age >/= 18 years old

          -  Automated Office Blood Pressure ≥135 systolic or ≥85 diastolic at time of screening

          -  Stage 2 hypertension (as defined by >140 mmHg SBP and or >90 mmHg DBP on 2 occasions
             or history of hypertension prior to stroke or currently taking antihypertensive
             medications)

          -  Able to live independently (as defined by modified Rankin scale score of 0-2)

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  CKD stage IV or greater (GFR < 30)

          -  Inability to check BP in either arm (e.g. amputation, lymphedema)

          -  Pregnancy

          -  High-grade intracranial or extracranial stenosis requiring a higher BP goal

          -  Unable to provide informed consent for themselves in English or Spanish

          -  Life expectancy less than 12 months
      

NCT04296643

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Nurses who work > 37 hours per week in medical, emergency, pediatric units

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Nurses with one or more comorbidities

          -  Nurses who cannot pass an N95 respirator fit-test
      

NCT04320056

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Age> 18 years old

          -  patients with acute respiratory failure related to suspected community acquired
             pneumonia (viral and non viral) requiring oxygen therapy < 6 L/min (or FiO2< 0.50) (to
             maintain SpO2 between 90 and 94% SpO2) without criteria for immediate intubation or
             ICU transfer.

          -  Patients hospital admission < 72 hours

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  shock state,

          -  no SpO2 signal available,

          -  patient agitation,

          -  pH < 7.30 (if blood gas available)

          -  PaCO2 > 50 mmHg, (if blood gas available) or chronic hypercapnia history

          -  Non invasive respiratory support (NIV, High flow Nasal Therapy (HFNT)) at study
             inclusion

          -  Withdrawal of life support or palliation as the goal of care

          -  patients' or next of kin refusal to participate to the study
      

NCT04272710

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Adult aged >=18years old;

          -  Diagnosed with 2019-nCoV. Diagnostic criteria including: Laboratory (RT-PCR) confirmed
             2019-nCoV infection; CT of the lung conformed to the manifestation of viral pneumonia.

          -  Diagnosed with primary hypertension.

          -  Criteria for severe or critical ill conditions: Respiratory rate >=30/min; or Rest
             SPO2<=93%; or PaO2/FiO2<=300mmHg.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Near-death state (expected survival time less than 24 hours);

          -  Malignant tumor;

          -  Pregnancy or puerperium women;

          -  ACEI contraindication

          -  Patients who refused to participant.
      

NCT04319172

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients older than 16 years with a solid organ transplant diagnosed of COVID-19.

        NOTE: A confirmed case of infection, is defined by a clinical syndrome that is compatible
        to that of an respiratory infection (fever, cough and/or dyspnea) and the presence of a
        positive microbiological result.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Absence of informed consent after giving the information regarding the study.
      

NCT04245631

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  1. Suspected cases (formerly observed cases)

        Meet the following 2 at the same time:

        Epidemiological history There was a history of travel or residence in Wuhan within two
        weeks before the onset of illness; or patients who had had fever from Wuhan with
        respiratory symptoms within 14 days before the onset of illness, or had clustered onset.

        Clinical manifestations

          1. fever;

          2. It has the imaging characteristics of pneumonia mentioned above;

          3. The total number of white blood cells is normal or decreased, or the lymphocyte count
             is decreased in the early stage of onset.

               -  2. confirmed cases On the basis of meeting the criteria for suspected cases,
                  sputum, throat swabs, lower respiratory tract secretions, and other specimens
                  were tested by real-time fluorescent RT-PCR for positive nucleic acid detection
                  of new coronavirus; or viral gene sequencing was highly homologous with known new
                  coronaviruses.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  1. Influenza virus, parainfluenza virus, adenovirus, respiratory syncytial virus,
             rhinovirus, human metapneumovirus, SARS coronavirus, and other known other viral
             pneumonia;

          -  2. Mycoplasma pneumoniae, chlamydia pneumonia, and bacterial pneumonia; non-infectious
             diseases such as vasculitis, dermatomyositis, and organizing pneumonia.
      

NCT04261426

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Adult aged >=18years old;

          -  Laboratory (RT-PCR) confirmed 2019-nCoV infection in throat swab and/or sputum and/or
             lower respiratory tract samples;

          -  The interval between the onset of symptoms and randomized is within 7 days. The onset
             of symptoms is mainly based on fever. If there is no fever, cough or other related
             symptoms can be used;

          -  Meet any of the following criteria for severe or critical ill conditions:

               1. Respiratory rate >=30/min; or

               2. Rest SPO2<=90%; or

               3. PaO2/FiO2<=300mmHg; or

               4. Respiratory failure and needs mechanical ventilation; or

               5. Shock occurs; or

               6. Multiple organ failure and needs ICU monitoring;

          -  Sign the Informed Consent Form on a voluntary basis.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Exist of other evidences that can explain pneumonia including but not limited to:

        influenza A virus, influenza B virus, bacterial pneumonia, fungal pneumonia, noninfectious
        causes, etc.;

          -  Allergy to Intravenous Immunoglobulin or its preparation components;

          -  Patients with selective IgA deficiency

          -  Women who are pregnant or breast-feeding;

          -  Researchers consider unsuitable.
      

NCT04306497

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  It conforms to the diagnostic criteria of confirmed cases of COVID-19;

          -  Age from 18-75, regardless gender.

          -  The patient informed consent and sign the informed consent form (if the subject has no
             capacity, limited capacity and limited expression of personal will, he or she should
             obtain the consent of his guardian and sign the informed consent at the same time).

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Women during pregnancy or lactation;

          -  Allergic constitution, such as those who have a history of allergy to two or more
             drugs or food, or who are known to be allergic to drug ingredients observed in this
             study.

          -  Severe complications such as multiple organ failure and shock occurred.

          -  Complicated with severe primary diseases such as heart, brain, liver, kidney and so
             on.

          -  Patients have mental illness.

          -  Patients who participated in or is currently participating in other clinical trials
             within the first month of this study.
      

NCT04320732

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Norwegian adult

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Unable to consent
      

NCT04304690

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Any permanent medical or paramedic staff of participating services who have given
             written consent to participate

          -  Having a social security insurance.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Non-permanent staff (occasional staffing), administrative staff, technical staff of
             participating services.

          -  Staff who were not active during the inclusion period.
      

NCT04321174

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. High risk close contact with a confirmed COVID-19 case during their symptomatic
             period, including one day before symptom onset, within the past 1-7 days. High risk
             close contact is defined as any of the following exposures without the consistent
             appropriate use of recommended personal protective equipment:

               1. Provided direct care for the index case

               2. Had close physical contact with the index case

               3. Lived with the index case

               4. Had close contact (within 2 metres), without direct physical contact, for a
                  prolonged period of time

               5. Had direct contact with infectious body fluids, including oral secretions,
                  respiratory secretions, or stool.

          2. Successfully contacted by the study team within 24 hours of study team notification of
             the relevant index COVID-19 case. This time window is necessary because the efficacy
             of PEP may be dependent on the timing of its initiation, and because randomization of
             a ring cannot be delayed while awaiting response from contacts that cannot be rapidly
             reached.

          3. Age ≥6 months, since the safety and pharmacokinetic profiles of LPV/r in pediatric
             patients below the age of 6 months have not been established.

          4. Ability to communicate with study staff in English

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Known hypersensitivity/allergy to lopinavir or ritonavir.

          2. Current use of LPV/r for the treatment or prevention of HIV infection.

          3. Receipt of LPV/r in the context of this trial or any other trial of COVID-19 PEP
             within 2 days or less prior to the last known contact with the index COVID-19 case.
             The two day time window is intended to ensure that exposure would not have occurred in
             the presence of clinically relevant drug levels (five times the elimination half-life
             of LPV/r, which is estimated at 4-6 hours with prolonged use).

          4. Baseline respiratory tract specimen positive for COVID-19. Randomized participants
             whose baseline samples subsequently show COVID-19 will have study drug discontinued
             but still remain under observation.

          5. Current breastfeeding, due to potential for serious adverse reactions in nursing
             infants exposed to LPV/r

          6. Concomitant medications with prohibited drug interactions with LPV/r that cannot be
             temporarily suspended/replaced, including but not restricted to: 37

               -  alfuzosin (e.g. Xatral®)

               -  amiodarone (e.g. Cordarone™)

               -  apalutamide (e.g. Erleada™)

               -  astemizole*, terfenadine*

               -  cisapride*

               -  colchicine, when used in patients with renal and/or hepatic impairment

               -  dronedarone (e.g., Multaq®)

               -  elbasvir/grazoprevir (e.g., ZepatierTM)

               -  ergotamine* (e.g. Cafergot®*), dihydroergotamine (e.g. Migranal®), ergonovine,
                  methylergonovine*

               -  fusidic acid (e.g., Fucidin®), systemic*

               -  lurasidone (e.g., Latuda®), pimozide (e.g., Orap®*)

               -  neratinib (e.g., Nerlynx®)

               -  sildenafil (e.g., Revatio®)

               -  triazolam (e.g. Halcion®), midazolam oral*

               -  rifampin (e.g. Rimactane®*, Rifadin®, Rifater®*, Rifamate®*)

               -  St. John's Wort

               -  Tadalafil (e.g. Adcirca®)

               -  venetoclax (e.g. Venclexta®)

               -  lovastatin (e.g., Mevacor®*), lomitapide (e.g., JuxtapidTM) or simvastatin (e.g.,
                  Zocor®)

               -  vardenafil (e.g., Levitra® or Staxyn®)

               -  salmeterol (e.g., Advair® or Serevent®)

                    -  denotes products not marketed in Canada
      

NCT04276987

        Inclusion Criteria:

        1.Willingness of study participant to accept this treatment arm, and signed informed
        consent; 2.Male or female, aged at 18 years (including) to 75 years old; 3.Patients with
        confirmed novel coronavirus pneumonia; 4.Confirmation of SARS-CoV-2 infection by
        reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) from respiratory tract or blood
        specimens; 5.Diagnostic criteria of "Severe" or " Critical":

          1. Severe, comply with any of the following:

               1. Respiratory distress, Respiratory rate (RR) ≥ 30 times/min

               2. Pulse oxygen saturation (SpO2) at rest ≤ 93%

               3. Partial pressure of oxygen/fraction of inspired oxygen (PaO2/FiO2) ≤ 300mmHg

          2. Critical, comply with any of the following:

               1. Respiratory failure, and requirement for mechanical ventilation

               2. Shock

               3. Other organ failure and requirement for ICU monitoring

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Allergic or hypersensitive to any of the ingredients;

          2. Pneumonia caused by bacteria, mycoplasma, chlamydia, legionella, fungi or other
             viruses;

          3. Obstructive HABP/VABP induced by lung cancer or other known causes;

          4. Carcinoid syndrome;

          5. History of long-term use of immunosuppressive agents;

          6. History of epilepsy and requirement for continuous anticonvulsant treatment or
             anticonvulsant treatment received within the last 3 years;

          7. History of severe chronic respiratory disease and requirement for long-term oxygen
             therapy;

          8. Undergoing hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis;

          9. Estimated or actual rate of creatinine clearance < 15 ml/min;

         10. History of moderate and severe liver disease (Child-Pugh score >12);

         11. Expectation of receiving any of following medications during the study:

               1. Receiving continuous valproic acid or sodium valproate within the first 2 weeks
                  prior to screening

               2. Receiving 5-transtryptamine reuptake inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants, 5-HT1
                  receptor agonists or monoamine oxidase inhibitors within the first 2 weeks prior
                  to screening

         12. Incapable of understanding study protocol;

         13. History of deep venous thrombosis or pulmonary embolism within the last 3 years;

         14. Undergoing ECMO or high-frequency oscillatory ventilation support;

         15. HIV, hepatitis virus, or syphilis infection;

         16. Period of pregnancy or lactation, or planned pregnancy within 6 months;

         17. Any condition of unsuitable for the study determined by investigators.
      

NCT04292340

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  The participants were diagnosed as COVID-19;

          -  Participants received anti-SARS-CoV-2 inactivated convalescent plasma

          -  Written the informed consent.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Participants lacked detailed medical history
      

NCT04315987

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Male or female, aged ≥ 18 years

          2. Laboratory confirmation of 2019-nCoV infection by reverse-transcription polymerase
             chain reaction (RT-PCR) from any diagnostic sampling source; and

          3. CT image is characteristic of 2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia

          4. In compliance with the 2019-nCoV pneumonia diagnosis standard [according to the novel
             coronavirus infection pneumonia diagnosis and treatment program (Trial Implementation
             Version 6) issued by the National Health and Medical Commission, and WHO 2019 new
             coronavirus guidelines standards]: (A) increased breathing rate (≥30 beats / min),
             difficulty breathing, cyanosis of the lips; (B) in resting state, means oxygen
             saturation ≤93%; (C) partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) / Fraction of inspired
             oxygen (FiO2) ≤300 mmHg (1mmHg = 0.133kPa);

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Patients with autoimmune diseases in the past or screening;

          2. Those who have serious basic diseases that affect their survival, including: malignant
             tumor, hematopathy, malignant fluid, active hemorrhage, severe malnutrition, etc.
             which have not been controlled and can not be removed due to multiple metastasis;

          3. Known or self-reported HIV or syphilis infected persons;

          4. Have participated in stem cell clinical research;

          5. Pregnant or lactating women or those who have fertility plans in the past year;

          6. The estimated life cycle is less than 48 hours;

          7. Other conditions that the researcher thinks are not suitable for participating in the
             experiment.

          8. Shock

          9. Continuous use of immunosuppressive agents or organ transplants in the past 6 months;
      

NCT04284046

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  all patients suspected of 2019 novel coronavirus infection.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  patients' data are not available.
      

NCT04291729

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Aged 18-75 years old;

          -  Pneumonia patients with new coronavirus infection were confirmed to be positive by
             RT-PCR and clinical manifestations. The diagnosis standard refers to the diagnosis and
             treatment plan for pneumonia with new coronavirus infection (Current Trial Version);

          -  Patients with newly diagnosed respiratory system discomfort who have been hospitalized
             (the diagnosis time of respiratory system discomfort shall not exceed 7 days);

          -  Women and their partners who have no planned pregnancy for nearly half a year and are
             willing to take effective contraceptive measures within 30 days from the first
             administration of the study drug to the last administration;

          -  Agree not to participate in other clinical research within 30 days from the first
             administration of the study drug to the last administration;

          -  Patients who voluntarily sign informed consent.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  The pneumonia patients with severe new coronavirus infection met one of the following
             conditions: respiratory distress, RR >= 30 times / min; or SaO2 / SpO2 <93% in resting
             state; or arterial partial pressure of oxygen (PaO2) / concentration of oxygen (FiO2)
             <300MMHG (1mmhg = 0.133kpa);

          -  Pneumonia patients with severe new coronavirus infection meet one of the following
             conditions: respiratory failure and need mechanical ventilation; or shock; or other
             organ failure combined with ICU monitoring treatment;

          -  Severe liver disease (such as child Pugh score >=C, AST > 5 times upper limit);

          -  Patients with contraindications specified in the instructions of ritonavir tablets;

          -  The pregnancy test of female subjects in the screening period was positive;

          -  The researchers judged that it was not suitable to participate in this clinical trial
             (for example, patients who may be transferred to another hospital during the study
             period; patients with multiple basic diseases, etc.).
      

NCT04269525

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  18-75 years old ,no gender restriction

          -  According to Diagnosis and Clinical Management of Pneumonia caused by 2019-nCoV
             infection(Trial Version 4), patients are diagnosed with severe or critical 2019-nCoV
             pneumonia with stay in the ICU of less than 48 hours

          -  Women of childbearing age should have a negative blood pregnancy test before the start
             of dosing and agree to take effective contraceptive measures during the trial until
             the last follow-up (28 days)

          -  Sequential Organ Failure Assessment(SOFA) score between 2-13 point

          -  Voluntarily participate in this clinical study and sign a written informed consent. If
             the patient cannot obtain informed consent, he can authorize his legal representative.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Liver or kidney SOFA score of more than 3 points;

          -  HIV positive

          -  Highly allergic constitution or history of severe allergies;

          -  Pregnant and lactating women;

          -  Patients with malignant tumors;

          -  Patients with previous history of pulmonary embolism;

          -  Participating in clinical trials of other drugs within 3 months before enrollment.

          -  be thought by researchers to be inappropriate to participate in this clinical study.
      

NCT04306055

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Blood donors whose last donation were between 1 Jan to 31 March, 2019.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Blood donors whose blood test results were positive.
      

NCT04280224

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  1. Male or female, aged at 18 years-65 years old

          -  2. Pneumonia that is judged by chest radiograph or computed tomography

          -  3. Laboratory confirmation of NCP infection by reverse-transcription polymerase chain
             reaction(RT-PCR) from any diagnostic sampling source

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  1. Pregnancy or breastfeeding

          -  2. Known HIV, HBV or HCV infection

          -  3. Patients with malignant tumor, other serious systemic diseases and psychosis

          -  4. Patients who are participating in other clinical trials

          -  5. Inability to provide informed consent or to comply with test requirements
      

NCT04305574

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  At least 21 years

          -  Has stayed in Singapore for at least 2 years

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Below 21 years

          -  Has stayed in Singapore for less than 2 years
      

NCT04262921

        Inclusion Criteria:

        - Suspected or proven novel Coronavirus (nCoV) infection as main reason for admission to
        hospital.

        Non inclusion criteria:

        - Subject deprived of freedom, subject under a legal protective measure

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Confirmed diagnosis of a pathogen unrelated to the objectives of this study and no
             indication or likelihood of co-infection with a relevant pathogen.

          -  Refusal by participant, parent or appropriate representative.
      

NCT04321616

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Adult patients, 18 years and above

          2. Confirmed SARS-2-CoV-2 infection by PCR

          3. Admitted to the hospital ward or the ICU

          4. Subjects (or legally authorized representative) provides written informed consent
             prior to initiation of the study

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Severe co-morbidity with life expectancy <3 months according to investigators
             assessment

          2. (Aspartate Transaminase/ Alanine Aminotransferase) ASAT/ALAT > 5 times the upper limit
             of normal

          3. Acute co-morbidity within 7 days before inclusion such as myocardial infarction

          4. Known intolerance to the available study drugs

          5. Pregnancy, possible pregnancy or breast feeding

          6. Any reason why, in the opinion of the investigators, the patient should not
             participate

          7. Subject participates in a potentially confounding drug or device trial during the
             course of the study

          8. Prolonged QT interval (>450 ms)
      

NCT04251871

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Confirmed 2019-nCoV infection case in term of laboratory evidence;

          -  80 years ≥ age ≥ 14years;

          -  Within 72 hours after the onset of abnormalities shown by Chest radiology or several
             symptoms (fever and cough).

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Age < 14 years or > 80 years;

          -  Pregnant or lactating female;

          -  One of the following items occurred at the enrollment: (i) respiratory failure
             necessitating mechanical ventilation; (ii) liver failure: total bilirubin ≥ 10mg/dL
             and/or severe coagulation disorders; (iii) renal function failure: although adequate
             circulating blood and cardiac output, urine ≤ 0.5ml/kg·h, Cr or BUN ≥ 1.5 times normal
             elevation;

          -  Intake of Chinese medicinal herbs during the past 2 weeks;

          -  Refused to sign an informed consent form prior to study participation;

          -  Unwilling and unable to comply with protocol request.
      

NCT04312009

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Presumptive positive laboratory test for SARS-CoV-2 or upper respiratory infection
             with recent exposure to laboratory-proven SARS-CoV-2-infected person

          -  Negative influenza and respiratory virus panel

          -  New or worsening hypoxia (SpO2 <95%) compared to baseline or increasing oxygen
             requirement

          -  Randomization within 24 hours of initial presentation to a hospital (inclusive of
             transfer)

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Currently taking an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi) or Angiotensin
             receptor blocker (ARB)

          -  Prior reaction or intolerance to an ARB or ACEi

          -  Blood pressure less than 110/70 mmHg

          -  Potassium great than 5.0 mEq/L within 4 weeks of study enrollment.

          -  Pregnancy or breastfeeding

          -  In females of childbearing age, unwillingness to use birth control for the duration of
             the study

          -  Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate (eGFR) of < 30ml/min/1.73 m2 within 4 weeks of
             study initiation or history of advanced renal disease

          -  AST and/or ALT > 3 times the upper limit of normal within 4 weeks of study enrollment

          -  Severe volume depletion or severe acute kidney injury that, in the opinion of the
             investigator, would preclude administration of Losartan

          -  Concurrent treatment with Alikirin

          -  Inability to obtain informed consent

          -  Non-English speakers
      

NCT04318444

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Household contact of index case: currently residing in the same household as an
             individual evaluated at NYP via outpatient, emergency department (ED), or inpatient
             services who (1) test positive for COVID-19, or (2) are defined as suspected cases, or
             persons under investigations (PUI), by the treating physician.

          -  Willing to take study drug as directed for 5 days.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Age <18 years old

          -  Suspected or confirmed current COVID-19, defined as: (1) temperature > 38 Celsius; (2)
             cough; (3) shortness of breath; (4) sore throat; or, if available (not required), (5)
             positive confirmatory testing for COVID-19

          -  Suspected or confirmed convalescent COVID-19, defined as any of the above symptoms
             within the prior 4 weeks.

          -  Inability to take medications orally

          -  Inability to provide written consent

          -  Known sensitivity/allergy to hydroxychloroquine

          -  Current use of hydroxychloroquine for another indication

          -  Pregnancy

          -  Prior diagnosis of retinopathy

          -  Prior diagnosis of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency

          -  Major comorbidities increasing risk of study drug including: i. Hematologic
             malignancy, ii. Advanced (stage 4-5) chronic kidney disease or dialysis therapy, iii.
             Known history of ventricular arrhythmias, iv. Current use of drugs that prolong the QT
             interval
      

NCT04303299

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  The subject has to grant permission to enter into the study by signing and dating the
             informed consent form before completing any study-related procedure such as any
             assessment or evaluation not related to the normal medical care of the subject.

          -  Able to give written inform consent and retained one copy of the consent form

          -  Male or female subject, aged between 16 - 100 years old.

          -  Subject diagnosed to be COVID19

          -  Female subject in good health and sexually active was instructed by the investigator
             to avoid pregnancy during the study and to use condom or other contraceptive measure
             if necessary. The subject was required to have a negative urine pregnancy test before
             being eligible for the study. (At each of the subsequent visit, a urine pregnancy test
             was performed).

          -  Subject judged to be reliable for compliance for taking medication and capable of
             recording the effects of the medication and motivated in receiving benefits from the
             treatment.and compliance to quarantine procedure 7-14 days after treatment

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  The subject was pregnant or lactating.

          -  The subject was a female at risk of pregnancy during the study and not taking adequate
             precautions against pregnancy.

          -  The subject had a known hypersensitivity to any of the test materials or related
             compounds.

          -  The subject was unable or unwilling to comply fully with the protocol.

          -  Treatment with investigational drug (s) within 6 months before the screening visit.

          -  The subject had previously entered in this study.

          -  Patient who planned to schedule elective surgery during the study

          -  The used of other antiviral agents
      

NCT04293887

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Age ≥ 18 years;

          2. Clinically diagnosed patients with new type of coronavirus pneumonia, including: in
             accordance with the criteria for suspected cases, have one of the following etiology
             evidence:

             ① Real-time fluorescence RT-PCR of respiratory specimens or blood specimens for
             detection of new coronavirus nucleic acid;

             ② Sequencing of viral genes in respiratory specimens or blood specimens, highly
             homologous to known new coronavirus

          3. The time interval between the onset of symptoms and random enrollment is within 7
             days. The onset of symptoms is mainly based on fever. If there is no fever, cough,
             diarrhea or other related symptoms can be used.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Any situation where the programme cannot be carried out safely;

          2. Patients who have used interferon or remedesivir;

          3. No clinical manifestations and chest imaging findings

          4. Known allergy or hypersensitivity to interferon (including asthma);

          5. Disabled in patients with uncontrolled autoimmune diseases;

          6. Patients with severe heart disease, decompensated liver disease, renal insufficiency
             (CrCL <50ml / min), and those with abnormal bone marrow function are prohibited;

          7. Epilepsy and impaired central nervous system function;

          8. Pregnancy: Positive pregnancy test for women of childbearing age;

          9. Breastfeeding women have not stopped breastfeeding;

         10. The patient may be transferred to a non-participating hospital within 72 hours.
      

NCT04319016

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  pregnant women with laboratory-confirmed 2019-n-CoV
      

NCT04304053

        Inclusion Criteria for a case:

          1. Patients who meet the requirements of the New Coronavirus Infection Diagnosis (Acute
             respiratory infection symptoms or acute cough alone and positive PCR)

          2. Aged ≥18 years male or female;

          3. In women of childbearing potential, negative pregnancy test and commitment to use
             contraceptive method throughout the study.

          4. Willing to take study medication

          5. Willing to comply with all study procedures, including repeat nasal swab at day 3

          6. Able to provide oral and written informed consent

        Exclusion Criteria for a case:

          1. Serious condition meeting one of the following: (1) respiratory distress with
             respiratory rate >=30 breaths/min; (2) oxygen saturation<=93% on quiet status; (3)
             Arterial partial pressure of oxygen (PaO2)/oxygen concentration<=300mmHg;

          2. Critically ill patients meeting one of the following: (1) Experience respiratory
             failure and need to receive mechanical ventilation; (2) Experience shock; (3)
             Complicated with other organs failure and need intensive care and therapy in ICU;

          3. Participants under treatment with medications likely to interfere with experimental
             drugs

          4. Unable to take drugs by mouth;

          5. With significantly abnormal liver function (Child Pugh C)

          6. Need of dialysis treatment, or GFR≤30 mL/min/1.73 m2;

          7. Participants with psoriasis, myasthenia, haematopoietic and retinal
             diseases,CNS-related hearing loss or glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficit

          8. Participants with severe neurological and mental illness;

          9. Pregnant or lactating women;

         10. Inability to consent and/or comply with study protocol;

         11. Individuals with known hypersensitivity to the study drugs.

         12. Persons already treated with any of the study drugs during the last 30 days.

         13. Concomitant administration of enzyme inducers (such as carbamazepine) which could lead
             to ineffectiveness of darunavir; and those who receive CYP3A4 substrates (such as
             statins) because of the risk of increased toxicity.

         14. HIV patients (because these are already on antiretroviral treatment)

         15. Any contraindications as per the Data Sheet of Rezolsta or Hydroxychloroquine.

        Inclusion Criteria for a contact:

          1. Patients who meet the definition of a contact according to the Catalan Public Health
             Department Guidelines

          2. Aged ≥18 years male or female;

          3. In women of childbearing potential, negative pregnancy test and commitment to use
             contraceptive method throughout the study.

          4. Willing to take study medication;

          5. Willing to comply with all study procedures;

          6. Able to provide oral, informed consent and/or assent.

        Exclusion Criteria for a contact:

          1. With known history of cardiac arrhythmia (or QT prolongation syndrome);

          2. Unable to take drugs by mouth;

          3. With significantly abnormal liver function (Child Pugh C)

          4. Need of dialysis treatment, or GFR≤30 mL/min/1.73 m2;

          5. Participants with psoriasis, myasthenia, haematopoietic and retinal
             diseases,CNS-related hearing loss or glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficit;

          6. Persons already treated with any of the study drugs during the last 30 days;

          7. Pregnant or lactating women;

          8. Any contraindications as per the Data Sheet of Hydroxychloroquine.
      

NCT04273581

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Age ≥18 years;

          2. The laboratory (RT-PCR) confirmed the diagnosis of severe patients infected with
             CoVID-19 (refer to the fifth edition of the Chinese diagnosis and treatment guideline
             for trial); the diagnosis of new coronavirus pneumonia was confirmed, and any of the
             following: 1) Respiratory distress, breathing ≥30 beats / min; 2) In the resting
             state, the oxygen saturation is ≤93%; 3) Arterial blood oxygen partial pressure /
             oxygen concentration ≤300mmHg

          3. The diagnosis is less than or equal to 12 days;

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Severe liver disease (such as Child Pugh score ≥ C, AST> 5 times the upper limit);
             severe renal dysfunction (the glomerulus is 30ml / min / 1.73m2 or less)

          2. Pregnancy or breastfeeding or positive pregnancy test;

          3. In the 30 days before the screening assessment, have taken any experimental treatment
             drugs for CoVID-19 (including off-label, informed consent use or trial-related);

          4. Those with a history of thromboembolism, except for those caused by PICC.
      

NCT04292964

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Adult aged >=18years old;

          -  Diagnosed with CONVID19. Diagnostic criteria including: Laboratory (RT-PCR) confirmed
             SARS-Cov-2 infection; CT of the lung conformed to the manifestation of viral
             pneumonia.

          -  Criteria for severe or critical ill conditions: Respiratory rate >=30/min; or Rest
             SPO2<=93%; or PaO2/FiO2<=300mmHg.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Near-death state (expected survival time less than 24 hours);

          -  Malignant tumor;

          -  Pregnancy or puerperium women;

          -  Patients who refused to participant.
      

NCT04279899

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  The neonates with COVID-19,or neonates born by infected mothers

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  The neonates with major anomalies
      

NCT04275245

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Men and women aged 18 to 75 years (inclusive)

          -  In line with the new coronavirus infection pneumonia diagnosis and treatment plan
             (trial version 4) issued by the Health Commission, patients with new coronavirus (2019
             ncov) pneumonia were clinically diagnosed;

          -  The subjects must be able to understand the study and willing to participate in the
             study, and sign the informed consent (if the subjects with no behavioral ability think
             it is in their own interests to participate in the test, they should sign the informed
             consent by their legal guardian, or notify the consent by phone (recording) and
             explain it in the original medical record and other relevant documents).

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Known or expected to have allergic reactions or a history of allergy to any of the
             ingredients treated in this trial;

          -  In the judgment of the investigator, there are other reasons that the patient is not
             suitable to participate in this study.
      

NCT03680274

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Admitted to the intensive care unit with proven or suspected infection as the main
             diagnosis;

          2. Currently treated with a continuous IV infusion of vasopressors (norepinephrine,
             epinephrine, vasopressin, dopamine, phenylephrine).

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. > 24 hours of intensive care unit admission;

          2. Known Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency;

          3. Pregnancy;

          4. Known allergy to vitamin C;

          5. Known kidney stones within the past 1 year;

          6. Received any intravenous vitamin C during this hospitalization unless incorporated in
             parenteral nutrition;

          7. Expected death or withdrawal of life-sustaining treatments within 48 hours;

          8. Previously enrolled in this study;

          9. Previously enrolled in a trial with which co-enrolment is not allowed.

        The LOVIT trial has broad eligibility criteria and includes patients with a primary
        diagnosis of sepsis (including sepsis caused by viral pathogens as COVID-19).
      

NCT04308668

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Exposure to a COVID19 case within 3 days as either a healthcare worker or household
             contact

          -  Provision of informed consent

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Symptomatic COVID19 disease

          -  Current Symptoms of: Fever, Cough, or Shortness of Breath

          -  Contraindication or allergy to hydroxychloroquine

          -  Retinal eye disease

          -  Known glucose-6 phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6-PD) deficiency

          -  Known chronic kidney disease, stage 4 or 5 or receiving dialysis

          -  Weight < 40 kg

          -  Current use of: hydroxychloroquine or cardiac medicines of: flecainide, Tambocor;
             amiodarone, Cordarone, Pacerone; digoxin or Digox, Digitek, Lanoxin; procainamide or
             Procan, Procanbid, propafenone, Rythmal)
      

NCT04314232

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  All patients >18 years of age with a positive test for SARS-CoV2 are eligble for
             inclusion.

          -  Healty age-matched volunteers will be included as a control group

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  None
      

NCT04273646

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. CT image is characteristic of viral pneumonia;

          2. 2019-ncov infection (positive nucleic acid test) is confirmed by pathogenic test;

          3. In compliance with the 2019-nCoV infection severe pneumonia diagnosis standard
             (according to the novel coronavirus infection pneumonia diagnosis and treatment
             program (Trial Implementation Version 5) issued by the National Health and Medical
             Commission, and WHO 2019 new coronavirus guidelines standards). It is severe if it
             meets any of the following: (A) Increased breathing rate (≥30 beats / min), difficulty
             breathing, cyanosis of the lips; (B) When inhaling, means oxygen saturation ≤93%; (C)
             Partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) / Fraction of inspired oxygen (FiO2) ≤300
             mmHg (1mmHg = 0.133kPa);

          4. 18 years old ≤ age ≤ 65 years old, regardless of gender;

          5. The patient or legal donor agrees to participate in the study and signs the informed
             consent.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Patients with severe allergies or allergies to stem cell preparations and their
             components;

          2. Patients with serious basic diseases that affect survival, including: blood diseases,
             cachexia, active bleeding, severe malnutrition, etc .;

          3. Patients with pulmonary obstructive pneumonia, severe pulmonary interstitial fibrosis,
             alveolar proteinosis, allergic alveolitis, and other known viral pneumonia or
             bacterial pneumonia;

          4. Continuous use of immunosuppressive agents or organ transplants in the past 6 months;

          5. In vitro life support (ECMO, ECCO2R, RRT);

          6. Expected deaths within 48 hours, uncontrolled infections;

          7. Patients with malignant blood-borne diseases such as HIV or syphilis;

          8. Patient with pregnancy, are planning to become pregnant or breastfeeding;

          9. Patients with poor compliance and unable to complete the full study;

         10. The investigator determines that there may be increased risk of the subject or other
             conditions that interfere with the clinical trial and the judgment of the results
             (such as excessive stress, sensitivity or cognitive impairment, etc.);

         11. There are other situations that the researchers think are not suitable to participate
             in this clinical study.
      

NCT04316949

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Hospitalized patients with microbiologically confirmed diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2
             infection

          -  Age > 17 years

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Invasive mechanical ventilation within 12 hours from hospital admission
      

NCT04315298

        Key Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Laboratory-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection as determined by polymerase chain reaction
             (PCR) or other commercial or public health assay

          -  Hospitalized with illness of any duration with evidence of pneumonia and severe
             disease, critical disease, or multi-system organ dysfunction at baseline

          -  Ability to provide informed consent signed by study patient or legally acceptable
             representative

          -  Willingness and ability to comply with study-related procedures/assessments

        Key Exclusion Criteria:

          -  In the opinion of the investigator, unlikely to survive for >48 hours from screening

          -  Presence of any of the following abnormal laboratory values at screening: absolute
             neutrophil count (ANC) less than 2000 mm3, aspartate aminotransferase (AST) or alanine
             aminotransferase (ALT) greater than 5 x upper limit of normal (ULN), platelets <50,000
             per mm3

          -  Treatment with anti-IL 6, anti-IL-6R antagonists, or with Janus kinase inhibitors
             (JAKi) in the past 30 days or plans to receive during the study period

          -  Current treatment with conventional synthetic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs
             (DMARDs)/immunosuppressive agents

          -  Use of chronic oral corticosteroids for a non-COVID-19-related condition in a dose
             higher than prednisone 10 mg or equivalent per day

          -  History of, or current autoimmune or inflammatory systemic or localized disease(s)
             other than rheumatoid arthritis

          -  Known active tuberculosis (TB), history of incompletely treated TB, suspected or known
             extrapulmonary TB, suspected or known systemic bacterial or fungal infections

          -  Patients who have received immunosuppressive antibody therapy within the past 5
             months, including intravenous immunoglobulin or plans to receive during the study
             period

          -  Participation in any clinical research study evaluating an investigational product
             (IP) or therapy within 3 months and less than 5 half-lives of IP prior to the
             screening visit (The use of remdisivir in the context of a single-arm remdisivir
             compassionate use protocol is permitted)

          -  Any physical examination findings and/or history of any illness that, in the opinion
             of the study investigator, might confound the results of the study or pose an
             additional risk to the patient by their participation in the study

        NOTE: Other protocol defined inclusion / exclusion criteria may apply
      

NCT04279197

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients with pulmonary fibrosis after standard treatment of COVID-19

          -  Age 18-65

          -  2019-nCoV nucleic acid negative in respiratory tract or blood samples were detected by
             real-time fluorescence PCR for more than 2 times

          -  The patient did not participant in other drug clinical studies within 1 month.

          -  The patient or the patient's guardian agrees to participate the trial and sign the
             informed Consent Form

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Gestation or lactation period women and women who plan to get pregnant during the
             study period

          -  Those who are unable to communicate, such as patients in unconsciousness or with
             dementia, various mental , etc.

          -  Severe background disease like severe cardiac insufficiency (cardiac function grade
             IV), severe liver and kidney diseases, bronchial asthma, COPD, neurological diseases,
             tumors,etc.

          -  Long-term bedridden for various reasons

          -  Patient who are allergy to the experimental drug
      

NCT04302519

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  1. Age ≥ 18, age ≤ 75, gender unlimited;

          -  2. novel coronavirus diagnosed severe pneumonia and confirmed no effective treatment
             plan. (severe patients meet any of the following: (1) respiratory distress, RR > 30
             times / minute; (2) resting state, oxygen saturation is less than 93%; (3) arterial
             oxygen partial pressure (PaO2) / oxygen inhalation (FiO2) is less than 300 mmHg (1mm
             Hg=0.133 kPa).

          -  3. Those who voluntarily participate in the clinical study and can cooperate with
             researchers to carry out the study, and the patients themselves or their legal
             representatives voluntarily sign the informed consent.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  1. Patients with autoimmune diseases in the past or screening;

          -  2. Those who have serious basic diseases that affect their survival, including:
             malignant tumor, hematopathy, malignant fluid, active hemorrhage, severe malnutrition,
             etc. which have not been controlled and can not be removed due to multiple metastasis;

          -  3. Known or self-reported HIV or syphilis infected persons;

          -  4. Have participated in stem cell clinical research;

          -  5. Pregnant or lactating women or those who have fertility plans in the past year;

          -  6. The estimated life cycle is less than 48 hours;

          -  7. Those who participated in other clinical trials within 3 months before screening;

          -  8. Other conditions that the researcher thinks are not suitable for participating in
             the experiment.
      

NCT04292730

        Key Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Willing and able to provide written informed consent prior to performing study
             procedures

          -  Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (SARS-CoV)-2 infection confirmed by
             polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test ≤ 4 days before randomization

          -  Currently hospitalized with fever defined as temperature ≥ 36.6 °C armpit, ≥ 37.2 °C
             oral, or ≥ 37.8 °C rectal

          -  Peripheral capillary oxygen saturation (SpO2) > 94% on room air at screening

          -  Radiographic evidence of pulmonary infiltrates

        Key Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Participation in any other clinical trial of an experimental treatment for COVID-19

          -  Concurrent treatment with other agents with actual or possible direct acting antiviral
             activity against SARS-CoV-2 is prohibited < 24 hours prior to study drug dosing

          -  Requiring mechanical ventilation at screening

          -  Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT) or aspartate aminotransferase (AST) > 5 X upper limit
             of normal (ULN)

          -  Creatinine clearance < 50 mL/min

        Note: Other protocol defined Inclusion/Exclusion criteria may apply.
      

NCT04276688

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Recruited subjects include all adult patients ≥18 years hospitalised for virologically
             confirmed 2019-n-CoV infection.

          2. NEWS of ≥1 upon recruitment

          3. Auditory temperature ≥38°C with at least one of the following symptoms (cough, sputum
             production, sore-throat, nasal discharge, myalgia, headache or fatigue) upon admission

          4. Symptom duration ≤10 days

          5. All subjects give written informed consent.

          6. Subjects must be available to complete the study and comply with study procedures.
             Willingness to allow for serum samples to be stored beyond the study period, for
             potential additional future testing to better characterize immune response.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Inability to comprehend and to follow all required study procedures.

          2. Allergy or severe reactions to the study drugs

          3. Patients with known prolonged QT or PR interval, second- or third-degree heart block,
             or ventricular cardiac arrhythmias, including torsade de pointes

          4. Patients taking medication that will potentially interact with lopinavir/ ritonavir,
             ribavirin or interferon-beta1b

          5. Patients with known history of severe depression

          6. Pregnant or lactation women

          7. Inability to comprehend and to follow all required study procedures

          8. Received an experimental agent (vaccine, drug, biologic, device, blood product, or
             medication) within 1 month prior to recruitment in this study or expect to receive an
             experimental agent during this study. Unwilling to refuse participation in another
             clinical study through the end of this study.

          9. Have a history of alcohol or drug abuse in the last 5 years.

         10. Have any condition that the investigator believes may interfere with successful
             completion of the study.
      

NCT04311177

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Presumptive positive laboratory test for SARS-CoV-2 or upper respiratory infection
             with recent exposure to laboratory-proven SARS-CoV-2-infected person

          -  Negative influenza and respiratory virus panel

          -  Randomization within 48 hours of meeting inclusion criteria

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Currently taking an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi) or Angiotensin
             receptor blocker (ARB)

          -  Prior reaction or intolerance to an ARB or ACEi

          -  Potassium great than 5.0 mEq/L within 4 weeks of study enrollment

          -  Pregnancy or breastfeeding

          -  Females of childbearing age

          -  Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate (eGFR) of < 30ml/min/1.73 m2 within 4 weeks of
             study initiation or history of advanced renal disease

          -  AST and/or ALT > 3 times the upper limit of normal within 4 weeks of study enrollment

          -  Concurrent treatment with Alikirin

          -  Inability to obtain informed consent

          -  Non-English speakers
      

NCT04290858

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Laboratory confirmed COVID19 infection defined with a positive RT-PCR from any
             specimen.

          2. Hospital admission with at least one of the following:

               -  fever ≥ 36.6 °C from axillary site; or ≥ 37.2°C from oral site; or ≥ 37.6°C from
                  tympanic or rectal site.

               -  Respiratory rate ≥ 24 bpm

               -  cough

          3. Spontaneous breathing with or without hypoxia of any degree. Gas exchange and
             ventilation maybe assisted by any continuous continuous airway pressure (CPAP), or any
             system of Non Invasive Ventilation (NIV), with Positive End-Expiratory Pressure (PEEP)
             ≤ 10 cmH2O.

          4. ≤ 8 days since onset of the symptoms

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Pregnancy, or positive pregnancy test in a predose examination

          2. Open tracheostomy

          3. Therapy with high flow nasal cannula

          4. Clinical controindication, as deemed by the attending physician
      

NCT04273321

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  age more than 18 years old

          -  accord with the clinical diagnosis and/ or etiological diagnosis diagnostic criteria
             of Novel coronavirus pneumonia (COVID-19).

          -  admitted in the general wards

          -  be able to sign informed consent

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  severe immunosuppression (HIV infection, long-term use of immunosuppressive agents

          -  pregnant or lactation period women

          -  glucocorticoids are needed for other diseases

          -  unwilling or unable to participate or complete the study

          -  participate in other study
      

NCT04298814

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Wuhan residents;

          -  novel coronavirus pneumonia was found to be characterized by fever and cough.
             Laboratory tests revealed leukocyte or lymphocyte decrease, chest CT examination
             showed viral pneumonia changes, and was diagnosed as COVID-19 pneumonia according to
             the national health and Health Committee's new coronavirus pneumonia diagnosis and
             treatment plan (trial version fifth Revision).

          -  Severe and critical patients with covid-19 pneumonia in urgent need of tracheal
             intubation;

          -  Sign informed consent.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Suspected patients with covid-19 pneumonia;

          -  Patients who need emergency endotracheal intubation due to other causes of respiratory
             failure;

          -  The family refused to sign the informed consent.
      

NCT04290871

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Age ≥18 years

          2. Laboratory (RT-PCR) confirmed infection with 2019-nCoV

          3. PaO2/FiO2 < 300 or SpO2 below 93% breathing ambient air

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Physician makes a decision that trial involvement is not in the patient's best
             interest, or any condition that does not allow the protocol to be followed safely

          2. Pregnant or positive pregnancy test in a pre-dose examination

          3. Use of high flow nasal cannula
      

NCT04313946

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  flu-like symptoms: myalgia, cough, fever, sputum

          -  Chest X-Rays

          -  COVID-19 biological tests

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  patient refusal

          -  uncertain radiographs

          -  uncertain tests results
      

NCT04306393

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  >/= 18 years old

          -  ICU admission

          -  Intubation and mechanical ventilation

          -  Positivity of 2019-nCoV rt-PCR

          -  PaO2/FiO2 ratio < 300 mmHg

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  patients intubated for 72 hours or more from initiation of the treatment gas

          -  physician being contrary to the involvement as participating in the trial is not in
             the patient's best interest, or any condition that does not allow the protocol to be
             followed safely

          -  pregnancy
      

NCT04279782

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Epidemiological history including resident of Hubei province, or travel history to
             Hubei province or exposure to suspected patients in the past two weeks.

          2. Symptoms like fever, fatigue, myalgia, headache, cough, sputum production, chest
             tightness, dyspnea, etc.

          3. White blood cells decreased or were normal, or lymphocytes decreased, and chest CT
             images showed typical findings of viral pneumonia.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Patients can not follow-up;

          2. Investigator considering inappropriate.
      

NCT04261907

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  1. Aged between 18 and 75 years, extremes included, male or female

          -  2. Laboratory (RT-PCR) and clinical symptoms confirmed case of 2019-nCoV pneumonia,
             according to the official guideline "Pneumonia Diagnosis and Treatment Scheme for
             Novel Coronavirus Infection (Trial Version 5)"

          -  3. Hospitalised with a new onset respiratory illness (≤7 days since illness onset)

          -  4. No family planning within six months, and agree to take effective contraceptive
             measures throughout the study and for at least 30 days after the final study drug dose

          -  5. Must agree not to enroll in another study of an investigational agent prior to
             completion of Day 30 of study

          -  6. Informed Consent Form (ICF) signed voluntarily

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  1. Severe 2019-nCoV pneumonia met one of the following criteria: respiratory distress,
             RR ≥ 30 times / min, or SaO2 / SpO2 ≤ 93% in resting state, or arterial partial
             pressure of oxygen (PaO2) /concentration of oxygen (FiO2) ≤ 300mmHg (1mmHg = 0.133kpa)

          -  2. Critical severe 2019-nCoV pneumonia met one of the following criteria: respiratory
             failure and mechanical ventilation required, or shock, or combined with other organ
             failure required ICU monitoring treatment

          -  3. Severe liver disease (e.g. Child Pugh score ≥ C, AST > 5 times upper limit)

          -  4. Known allergic reaction to any of components of ASC09 / ritonavir compound tablets

          -  5. Patients with definite contraindications in the label of ritonavir

          -  6. Positive serum pregnancy test result for women with childbearing potential at
             screening

          -  7. Using HIV protease inhibitor drugs

          -  8. Not suitable for the study, in the opinion of the Investigator (e.g. patient may be
             transferred to another hospital during the study period, patient with multiple basic
             diseases, etc.)
      

NCT04292327

        Inclusion criteria.

          1. 2019-nCov (SARA-Cov-2) nucleic acid positive detected by PCR.

          2. Older than 18 years old and younger than 75 years old.

          3. Meet the diagnostic criteria of COVID-19 for different types (including ordinary type,
             heavy type and critical type)

        Exclusion criteria.

          1. the age is less than 18 years old;

          2. pregnant or lactating women;

          3. severe underlying diseases, such as advanced malignant tumor, end-stage lung disease,
             etc.
      

NCT04252664

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Age ≥18 years at time of signing Informed Consent Form

          2. Laboratory (RT-PCR) confirmed infection with 2019-nCoV.

          3. Lung involvement confirmed with chest imaging

          4. Hospitalised with:

               -  Fever - ≥36.7℃ -axilla or Oral temperature ≥ 38.0 ℃ or ≥38.6°C tympanic or rectal
                  or

               -  And at least one of Respiratory rate >24/min Or Cough

          5. ≤8 days since illness onset

          6. Willingness of study participant to accept randomization to any assigned treatment
             arm.

          7. Must agree not to enroll in another study of an investigational agent prior to
             completion of Day 28 of study.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Physician makes a decision that trial involvement is not in patients' best interest,
             or any condition that does not allow the protocol to be followed safely.

          2. Severe liver disease (e.g. Child Pugh score ≥ C, AST>5 times upper limit)

          3. SaO2/SPO2≤94% in room air condition, or the Pa02/Fi02 ratio <300mgHg

          4. Known allergic reaction to remdesivir

          5. Patients with known severe renal impairment (estimated glomerular filtration rate ≤30
             mL/min/1.73 m2) or receiving continuous renal replacement therapy, hemodialysis,
             peritoneal dialysis

          6. Pregnant or breastfeeding, or positive pregnancy test in a predose examination

          7. Will be transferred to another hospital which is not the study site within 72 hours.

          8. Receipt of any experimental treatment for 2019-nCoV (off-label, compassionate use, or
             trial related) within the 30 days prior to the time of the screening evaluation.
      

NCT04319315

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Medical Physicians in Middle East area

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  none
      

NCT04321265

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Age > 70 years

          2. ICU-Admission

          3. Infection or suspected infection with SARS-CoV-2

        Exclusion Criteria:

        1. Age <70 years
      

NCT04252274

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  The participants were diagnosed as pneumonia caused by 2019-nCoV, according to the
             notice on printing and distributing the diagnosis and treatment plan of pneumonia with
             new coronavirus infection (trial version 4 or update version) made by National Health
             Commission of the People's Republic of China.

          -  Written the informed consent

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Hypersensitivity to darunavir, colibrestat, or any excipients

          -  Patients with severe liver injury (Child-Pugh Class C)

          -  Concomitant medications that are highly dependent on CYP3A clearance, and the elevated
             plasma concentrations are associated with serious or life-threatening events.

          -  Subjects were considered to be unable to complete the study, or not suitable for the
             study by researchers

        Exit criteria:

          -  Subjects asked to withdraw the study

          -  Subject will benefit if withdraw according to researchers' suggestions
      

NCT04305106

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Age: 18-80 years old, male and female;

          2. Covid-19 confirmed cases;

          3. Comply with any of the following:

               -  Dyspnea, RR ≥ 30 times / min;

                    -  In resting state, transcutaneous oxygen saturation ≤ 93%;

                         -  Oxygenation index (PaO2 / FiO2) < 300MMHG;

          4. Pulmonary imaging showed diffuse exudative lesions.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Unable to obtain informed consent;

          2. Patients with severe liver dysfunction (Child Pugh score ≥ C, or AST > 5 times of the
             upper limit), severe renal dysfunction (estimated glomerular filtration rate ≤ 30ml /
             min / 1.73 m2), or continuous renal replacement therapy, hemodialysis, peritoneal
             dialysis;

          3. Patients with hypertension and unsatisfactory control of antihypertensive drugs
             (sitting systolic blood pressure > 160mmHg, or diastolic blood pressure > 100mmHg) had
             a history of hypertension crisis or hypertensive encephalopathy;

          4. Patients with heart disease or clinical symptoms that can not be well controlled, such
             as NYHA class II or above of cardiac insufficiency, unstable angina, myocardial
             infarction within one year, supraventricular or ventricular arrhythmias need treatment
             or intervention;

          5. Those with known hereditary bleeding tendency or coagulation dysfunction, those who
             had received full dose anticoagulant or thrombolytic therapy in the first 10 days of
             the group, or those who had taken nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs with platelet
             inhibition in the first 10 days of the group (except those who had preventive use of
             low-dose aspirin ≤ 325mg / day);

          6. In the first 6 months of the group, the patients who had thrombosis, such as ischemic
             stroke, transient ischemic attack, deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism and other
             thrombotic diseases, and in the first 6 months of the group, the patients who had
             serious angiopathy (including aneurysms or arterial thrombosis requiring surgical
             treatment) were screened;

          7. Patients with unhealed wounds, active gastric ulcer or fracture; patients with
             gastrointestinal perforation, gastrointestinal fistula, abdominal abscess and internal
             fistula in the first 6 months of the group; patients with major surgical history
             (including thoracotomy biopsy), major trauma (such as fracture) or possible surgery in
             the course of participating in the trial within 28 days before the group;

          8. There were hemoptysis, gastrointestinal bleeding, central nervous system bleeding,
             nose bleeding and other serious and active bleeding patients within one month before
             admission;

          9. There were malignant tumors in the past 5 years;

         10. Those allergic to bevacizumab and its components;

         11. Untreated active hepatitis patients and HIV positive patients;

         12. Pregnant women, lactating women and planned pregnant women;

         13. Have participated in other clinical trials or the researchers think it is not suitable
             to participate in this study.
      

NCT04257656

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Age ≥18 years at time of signing Informed Consent Form

          2. Laboratory (RT-PCR) confirmed infection with 2019-nCoV.

          3. Lung involvement confirmed with chest imaging

          4. Hospitalized with a SaO2/SPO2≤94% on room air or Pa02/Fi02 ratio <300mgHg

          5. ≤12 days since illness onset

          6. Willingness of study participant to accept randomization to any assigned treatment
             arm.

          7. Must agree not to enroll in another study of an investigational agent prior to
             completion of Day 28 of study.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Physician makes a decision that trial involvement is not in patients' best interest,
             or any condition that does not allow the protocol to be followed safely.

          2. Severe liver disease (e.g. Child Pugh score ≥ C, AST>5 times upper limit)

          3. Pregnant or breastfeeding, or positive pregnancy test in a predose examination

          4. Patients with known severe renal impairment (estimated glomerular filtration rate ≤30
             mL/min/1.73 m2) or receiving continuous renal replacement therapy, hemodialysis,
             peritoneal dialysis

          5. Will be transferred to another hospital which is not the study site within 72 hours.

          6. Receipt of any experimental treatment for 2019-nCoV (off-label, compassionate use, or
             trial related) within the 30 days prior to the time of the screening evaluation.
      

NCT04279795

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Epidemiological history including resident of Hubei province, or travel history to
             Hubei province or exposure to suspected patients in the past two weeks.

          2. Symptoms like fever, fatigue, myalgia, headache, cough, sputum production, chest
             tightness, dyspnea, etc.

          3. White blood cells decreased or were normal, or lymphocytes decreased, and chest CT
             images showed typical findings of viral pneumonia.

          4. Detection of 2019 Novel Coronavirus nucleic acid is positive by local Center for
             Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Patients can not follow-up;

          2. Investigator considering inappropriate.
      

NCT04318431

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Asymptomatic children:

          -  Age between 6 months and 15 years

          -  Carrying out a visit within the framework defined by the learned societies and
             professional organisations representative of paediatrics in France, i.e. :

          -  The consultation of the first month and all consultations involving compulsory
             vaccinations (2, 4, 5, 11, 12, 16 months).

          -  Consultations for acute pathologies, infectious or not.

          -  Monitoring of chronic diseases that warrant clinical examination (the majority of
             which can be carried out by telemedicine) or in the case of acute exacerbation.

          -  In one of the participating outpatient centres

          -  During the study period

          -  With a clinical examination that does not reveal any progressive infectious pathology

          -  Pauci-symptomatic children

          -  Age between 6 months and 15 years,

          -  Consultant at one of the participating outpatient centres

          -  During the study period

          -  And presenting with a mild respiratory infection:

          -  Rhinopharyngitis,

          -  Acute otitis media,

          -  Angina,

          -  Bronchitis

          -  Acceptance to participate in the protocol by one of the holders of parental authority

          -  Affiliated to a social security

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Refusal to participate in the study
      

NCT04311398

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients went to the fever clinic with respiratory infectious symptoms

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  none
      

NCT04308187

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Anyone volunteer to participate

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Anyone non-voluntary to participate
      

NCT04307459

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients that can give written or oral informed consent

          -  patients with microbiological diagnosis (i.e. rhinopharyngeal swab) of SARS-CoV2
             infection

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  severe cognitive impairment

          -  absolute contraindication to non invasive ventilation or cpap therapy

          -  rhinopharyngeal swab negative for SARS-CoV2
      

NCT04280913

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Hospitalized patients with COVID19

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Suspected patients with COVID19, not confirmed by the laboratory

          -  Patients who are refused to receive medical treatments
      

NCT04312243

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Age ≥18 years

          2. Negative SARS CoV-2 rt-PCR test at screening

          3. Scheduled to work with SARS-CoV-2 infected patients

        Exclusion Criteria:

        1. Previous documented SARS-CoV-2 infections
      

NCT04310865

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Age ≥18 years at time of signing Informed Consent Form;

          2. Those who meet the diagnosis of severe new coronavirus pneumonia with laboratory
             confirmed infection with CoVID-19;

          3. Lung involvement confirmed with chest imaging;

          4. Hospitalized with a Pa02/Fi02 ratio ≤300mgHg;

          5. 40%> lymphocyte percentage ≥5%;

          6. No difficulty swallowing oral medications.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Allergies, those who are known to be allergic to research drugs or drug excipients;

          2. The patient weighs less than 40 kg;

          3. Patients with diarrhea;

          4. Shock;

          5. Patients with respiratory failure at the time of enrollment who need invasive
             mechanical ventilation;

          6. The clinician judges that ICU admission is needed;

          7. Patients who participated in other clinical trials within 1 month;

          8. Known patients with impaired renal function (estimated creatinine clearance <60 mL /
             min (male: Cr (ml / min) = (140-age) × body weight (kg) / 72 × blood creatinine
             concentration (mg / dl); female: Cr (ml / min) = (140-age) × weight (kg) / 85 × blood
             creatinine concentration (mg / dl));

          9. During the screening or within 24 hours before screening, patients were found to have
             any of the following laboratory parameter abnormalities (based on the local laboratory
             reference range): ALT or AST level> 5 times the upper limit of normal range (ULN) or
             ALT or AST level> 3 times ULN and total bilirubin levels> 2 times ULN;

         10. Being pregnant or breastfeeding, or having a positive pregnancy test at the time of
             pre-dose inspection, or planning to become pregnant within 3 months after study
             treatment;

         11. Will be transferred to another hospital which is not the study site within 72 hours.
      

NCT04292899

        Key Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Willing and able to provide written informed consent prior to performing study
             procedures

          -  Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (SARS-CoV)-2 infection confirmed by
             polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test ≤ 4 days before randomization

          -  Currently hospitalized with fever defined as temperature ≥ 36.6 °C armpit, ≥ 37.2 °C
             oral, or ≥ 37.8 °C rectal

          -  Peripheral capillary oxygen saturation (SpO2) ≤ 94% on room air at screening

          -  Radiographic evidence of pulmonary infiltrates

        Key Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Participation in any other clinical trial of an experimental treatment for COVID-19

          -  Concurrent treatment with other agents with actual or possible direct acting antiviral
             activity against SARS-CoV-2 is prohibited < 24 hours prior to study drug dosing

          -  Evidence of multiorgan failure

          -  Requiring mechanical ventilation at screening

          -  Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT) or aspartate aminotransferase (AST) > 5 X upper limit
             of normal (ULN)

          -  Creatinine clearance < 50 mL/min

        Note: Other protocol defined Inclusion/Exclusion criteria may apply.
      

NCT04318418

        Inclusion Criteria:

        Patients hospitalized for COVID-19

        Exclusion Criteria:

        none
      

NCT04315896

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Signed informed consent

          2. negative pregnancy test in women

          3. COVID-19 confirmed by rtPCR in any respiratory sample.

          4. Severe COVID-19 disease defined as any from the following:

               1. Pulse oximetry less than 91% or a 3% drop from base pulse oximetry or need to
                  increase supplementary oxygen in chronic hypoxia

               2. Need for mechanical ventilation (invasive or non invasive )

               3. Sepsis/septic shock.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. history of anaphylactic shock to hydroxychloroquine.

          2. History of previous administration of chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine (within 1
             month)

          3. decision of attending physician by any reason.

          4. History of chronic hepatic disease (Child-Pugh B or C)

          5. History of Chronic renal disease (GFR less than 30)
      

NCT04276896

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Laboratory (RT-PCR) confirmed Covid-19 infection in throat swab and/or sputum and/or
             lower respiratory tract samples;

          -  The interval between the onset of symptoms and randomized is within 7 days. The onset
             of symptoms is mainly based on fever. If there is no fever, cough or other related
             symptoms can be used;

          -  White blood cells ≥ 3,500 / μl, lymphocytes ≥ 750 / μl;

          -  Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), hepatitis B virus (HBV), hepatitis C virus (HCV)
             or tuberculosis (TB) test is negative;

          -  Sign the Informed Consent Form on a voluntary basis;

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Subject infected with HCV (HCV antibody positive), HBV (HBsAg positive), HIV (HIV
             antibody positive), or HTLV (HTLV antibody positive).

          -  Subject is albumin-intolerant.

          -  Subject with life expectancy less than 4 weeks.

          -  Subject participated in other investigational somatic cell therapies within past 30
             days.

          -  Subject with positive pregnancy test result.

          -  Researchers consider unsuitable.
      

NCT04321928

        The inclusion criteria are:

          1. age over 60 years;

          2. informed consent to participate.

        The exclusion criteria are:

          1. confirmed COVID-19 infection (active or recovered);

          2. hospitalization at screening for eligibility;

          3. someone was already enrolled in the study from the same community/household (to avoid
             potential crosstalk between the study arms).
      

NCT04321096

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Documented COVID-19 infection as evidenced by positive PCR (or comparable clinical
             assay) for SARS-CoV-2

          -  Less than 48 hours since time of hospital admission OR if hospital-acquired COVID-19
             is suspected, less than 48 hrs since onset of symptoms

          -  Adolescents and adults age >=16 years

          -  Subject or legally authorized representative able to give informed consent

          -  Admitted to hospital

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Any condition that, in the Investigator's opinion, will prevent adequate compliance
             with study therapy

          -  The following laboratory values at baseline (Day 0):

          -  Serum total bilirubin ≥3 ULN

          -  Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) ≤30 mL/min (based on serum creatinine)

          -  Known hypersensitivity to Camostat Mesilate

          -  Women who are pregnant or breastfeeding
      

NCT04287686

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Laboratory diagnosis:

               -  Respiratory specimen is positive for SARS-CoV-2 nucleic acid by RT-PCR; OR,

               -  The viral gene sequencing of the respiratory specimen is highly homologous to
                  known novel coronavirus.

          2. Fever:

             Axillary temperature >37.3℃

          3. Respiratory variables (meets one of the following criteria):

               -  Respiratory rate: RR ≥25 breaths/min

               -  Oxygen saturation ≤93% at rest on room air

               -  PaO2/FiO2 ≤300 mmHg（1 mmHg=0.133 KPa）

               -  Pulmonary imaging showed that the lesions progressed more than 50% within 24-48
                  hours, and the patients were managed as severe

          4. HBsAg negative, or HBV DNA ≤10^4 copy/ml if HBsAg positive; anti-HCV negative; HIV
             negative two weeks prior to signed Informed Consent Form (ICF)

          5. Appropriate ethics approval and

          6. ICF

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Age <18 years; Age >80 years

          -  Pregnant or breast feeding woman or with positive pregnancy test result

          -  P/F <100 mmHg

          -  Moribund condition (death likely in days) or not expected to survive for >7 days

          -  Refusal by attending MD

          -  Not hemodynamically stable in the preceding 4 hours (MAP ≤65 mmHg, or SAP <90 mmHg,
             DAP <60 mmHg, vasoactive agents are required)

          -  Patient on invasive mechanical ventilation or ECMO

          -  Patient in other therapeutic clinical trial within 30 days before ICF

          -  Receive any other ACE inhibitors (ACEI), angiotensin-receptor blockers (ARB) treatment
             within 7 days before ICF

          -  Chronic immunosuppression: current autoimmune diseases or patients who received
             immunotherapy within 30 days before ICF

          -  Hematologic malignancy (lymphoma, leukemia, multiple myeloma)

          -  Other patient characteristics (not thought to be related to underlying COVID-19) that
             portend a very poor prognosis (e.g, severe liver failure, and ect)

          -  Known allergy to study drug or its ingredients related to renin-angiotensin system
             (RAS), or frequent and/or severe allergic reactions with multiple medications

          -  Other uncontrolled diseases, as judged by investigators

          -  Body weight ≥85 kg
      

NCT04317040

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Should be at least 18 years of age,

          2. Male or female,

          3. Diagnosed with COVID-19 and confirmed SARS-coV-2 viral infection.

          4. Able to sign the consent form.

          5. Severe COVID-19 (Appendix A), or NIAID 7-point ordinal score 3 to 4 (requiring
             non-invasive ventilation or oxygen, a SpO2 </= 94% or tachypnea (respiratory rate >/=
             24 breaths/min), Appendix B).

          6. The absolute lymphocyte count is ≤ 0.8 × 10^9 / L (8x10^5 / mL, 800 / mm3).

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Patients with COVID 19 in critical condition or ARDS (Appendix A) or NIAID 7-point
             ordinal score 2 (Hospitalized, on invasive mechanical ventilation or extracorporeal
             membrane oxygenation (ECMO)).

          2. Patients with bacterial / fungal infections.

          3. Patients who are pregnant, breastfeeding, or have a positive pregnancy test result
             before enrollment.

          4. Severe liver damage (Child-Pugh score ≥ C, AST> 5 times the upper limit).

          5. Patients with known severe renal impairment (creatinine clearance ≤ 30 mL / min) or
             patients receiving continuous renal replacement therapy, hemodialysis, or peritoneal
             dialysis.

          6. Will be transferred to a non-study site hospital within 72 hours.

          7. The investigator believes that participating in the trial is not in the best interests
             of the patient, or the investigator considers unsuitable for enrollment (such as
             unpredictable risks or subject compliance issues).
      

NCT04251767

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. 14-70 years old

          2. 2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia (severe type)

          3. Subjects voluntarily participate in the clinical trial and sign the informed consent

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Disturbance of consciousness

          2. Difficulty swallowing and frequent vomiting

          3. Patients requiring blood transfusion

          4. Pulmonary abscess, hepatitis, cirrhosis, tuberculosis, emphysema and pulmonary
             infarction

          5. Fungal and other identified pathogens infection

          6. Heart failure existed before diagnosis of novel coronavirus infection

          7. Liver function: alanine aminotransferase > 500 U/L

          8. Patients requiring hemodialysis

          9. Taking anticoagulant drugs due to cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases

         10. Other conditions that the investigator considers ineligible for clinical trial
      

NCT04315870

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  pregnant women with laboratory-confirmed 2019-n-CoV
      

NCT04264858

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Volunteers who have understood and signed the informed consent;

          2. Age ≥18 years, gender unlimited;

          3. Patients diagnosed with acute severe 2019-nCoV pneumonia:

               1. Laboratory (RT-PCR) confirmed infection with 2019-nCoV.

               2. Lung involvement confirmed with pulmonary CT scan.

               3. At least one of the following conditions should be met: respiratory distress, RR
                  ≥ 30 times/min; oxygen saturation ≤ 93% in resting state; PaO2/FiO2 ≤ 300mmHg;
                  respiratory failure and mechanical ventilation are required; shock occurs; ICU
                  monitoring and treatment is required in combination with other organ failure.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Viral pneumonia with other viruses besides 2019-nCoV.

          2. Patients are not suitable for immunoglobulin therapy.

          3. Participation in other studies.

          4. Other circumstances in which the investigator determined that the patient is not
             suitable for the clinical trial.
      

NCT04274322

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Admitted to intensive care unit (ICU), Peking University Third Hospital since Feb 2020

          -  Adult (aged over 18 years)

          -  Anticipate a length of ICU stay (LOS) of more than 48 hours

          -  Diagnosed as 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19)

          -  With food intake difficulties (can't intake food by oneself)

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  aged under 18 years

          -  Actual ICU LOS of less than 48 hours

          -  Using medications of IL-6 or IL-6R

          -  Overdose

          -  Written informed consent not obtained in the prospective cohort
      

NCT04252118

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Male or female, aged at 18 years (including) -70 years old

          2. Laboratory confirmation of 2019-nCoV infection by reverse-transcription polymerase
             chain reaction (RT-PCR) from any diagnostic sampling source; and

          3. Pneumonia that is judged by chest radiograph or computed tomography.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Pregnancy, lactation and those who are not pregnant but do not take effective
             contraceptives measures;

          2. Patients with malignant tumor, other serious systemic diseases and psychosis;

          3. Patients who are participating in other clinical trials;

          4. Inability to provide informed consent or to comply with test requirements.

          5. Co-Infection of HIV, tuberculosis, influenza virus, adenovirus and other respiratory
             infection virus.
      

NCT04256395

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  people who lived in or out of China at present and threatened by the infection and
             spread of COVID-19

               -  without gender and age restriction

               -  people who have concerns of his health

               -  voluntary completion of the self-test and evaluation.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  people who are not internet accessible or can not use this Mobile Applet.

          -  people who can not recognize the questionnaire.
      

NCT04280705

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Admitted to a hospital with symptoms suggestive of COVID-19 infection.

          2. Subject (or legally authorized representative) provides written informed consent prior
             to initiation of any study procedures.

          3. Understands and agrees to comply with planned study procedures.

          4. Agrees to the collection of oropharyngeal (OP) swabs.

          5. Male or non-pregnant female adult > / = 18 years of age at time of enrollment.

          6. Has laboratory-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection as determined by polymerase chain
             reaction (PCR) or other commercial or public health assay in any specimen collected <
             72 hours prior to randomization.

             Note - 72 hours is not necessarily time from initial diagnosis. If > / = 72 hours
             since positive PCR, the PCR may be repeated to assess eligibility.

          7. Illness of any duration, and at least one of the following:

               -  Radiographic infiltrates by imaging (chest x-ray, CT scan, etc.), OR

               -  Clinical assessment (evidence of rales/crackles on exam) AND SpO2 < / = 94% on
                  room air, OR

               -  Requiring supplemental oxygen, OR

               -  Requiring mechanical ventilation.

          8. Women of childbearing potential must agree to either abstinence or use at least one
             primary form of contraception not including hormonal contraception from the time of
             screening through Day 29.

          9. Agrees to not participate in another clinical trial for the treatment of COVID-19 or
             SARS-CoV-2 through Day 29.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Alanine Transaminase (ALT)/Aspartate Transaminase (AST) > 5 times the upper limit of
             normal.

          2. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 50 or requiring dialysis.

          3. Pregnancy or breast feeding.

          4. Anticipated transfer to another hospital which is not a study site within 72 hours.

          5. Allergy to any study medication.
      

NCT04299724

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Healthy and Covid-19-positive volunteers

          -  The interval between the onset of symptoms and randomized is within 7 days in Covid-19
             patients. The onset of symptoms is mainly based on fever. If there is no fever, cough
             or other related symptoms can be used;

          -  White blood cells ≥ 3,500/μl, lymphocytes ≥ 750/μl;

          -  Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), hepatitis B virus (HBV), hepatitis C virus (HCV)
             or tuberculosis (TB) test negative;

          -  Sign the Informed Consent voluntarily;

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Subject with active HCV, HBV or HIV infection.

          -  Subject is albumin-intolerant.

          -  Subject with life expectancy less than 4 weeks.

          -  Subject participated in other investigational vaccine therapies within the past 60
             days.

          -  Subject with positive pregnancy test result.

          -  Researchers consider unsuitable.
      

NCT04316377

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Hospitalised

          -  Adults 18 year or older

          -  Moderately severe disease (NEWS score ≤ 6)

          -  SARS-CoV-2 positive nasopharyngeal swab

          -  Signed informed consent must be obtained and documented according to ICH GCP, and
             national/local regulations.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Requiring ICU admission at screening

          -  History of psoriasis

          -  Tinnitus, reduced hearing

          -  Visual impairment
      

NCT04318366

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients admitted to hospital with biological samples positive for SARS-CoV-2

          -  Patients admitted to hospital with negative test but clinical and radiological
             characteristics highly suggestive of SARS-CoV-2 disease

          -  Patients discharged from emergency department with biological samples positive for
             SARS-CoV-2

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  None
      

NCT04275388

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Aged between 18 and 70 years, extremes included, male or female

          2. Fever (armpit temperature ≥37.3 ° C, or mouth temperature ≥38.0 ° C, or anal or ear
             temperature ≥38.6 ° C) ≤7 days according to the official guideline "Pneumonia
             Diagnosis and Treatment Scheme for Novel Coronavirus Infection (Trial Version 5)"

          3. Laboratory test (RT-PCR) confirms infection 2019-nCoV

          4. No previous or experimental treatment for pneumonia associated with a novel
             coronavirus infection. Patients who have been treated with proprietary Chinese
             medicines or lopinavir / ritonavir tablets for less than 3 days can be enrolled

          5. Informed Consent Form (ICF) signed voluntarily

          6. Based on the investigator's judgment, the subject / legal guardian is considered
             reliable and able to comply with this program, visit plan and medication arrangement

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Suffer from diseases that need to be distinguished from new coronavirus infection
             pneumonia, such as tuberculosis, bacterial or viral pneumonia other than new
             coronavirus pneumonia, hospital-acquired pneumonia, and other pathogenic
             microorganisms pneumonia;

          2. Patients with basic diseases such as primary immunodeficiency disease, acquired
             immunodeficiency syndrome, congenital respiratory malformations, abnormal lung
             development, aspiration pneumonia, lung malignant tumors, etc .;

          3. Researchers have judged that previous or current diseases may affect patients'
             participation in the trial or influence the outcome of the study, including: malignant
             disease, autoimmune disease, liver and kidney disease, blood disease, neurological
             disease, and endocrine Disease; currently suffering from diseases that seriously
             affect the immune system, such as: human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection, or
             the blood system, or splenectomy, organ transplantation, etc .;

          4. Subjects with: asthma requiring daily treatment, any other chronic respiratory
             disease, respiratory bacterial infections such as purulent tonsillitis, acute
             tracheobronchitis, sinusitis, otitis media, and other respiratory tracts that affect
             clinical trial evaluation Disease: Chest CT confirmed patients with basic lung
             diseases such as severe interstitial lung disease and bronchiectasis;

          5. Patients diagnosed with severe, critically recurrent coronavirus infection, pneumonia,
             or need mechanical ventilation or need systemic antihormonal treatment;

          6. Breastfeeding or pregnancy test result is positive during the screening period or
             test;

          7. The research drug Xiyanping injection or a drug with similar efficacy (see Prohibition
             of Medication) has been used for more than 3 days during screening.

          8. Allergic constitution (persons who are allergic to more than 2 kinds of substances),
             people who are allergic to similar drugs in the past or those who are known to be
             allergic to the ingredients and auxiliary materials in the test drugs;

          9. Patients who have participated in other clinical trials in the past 3 months;

         10. The investigator determines that it is not appropriate to participate in a clinical
             trial.
      

NCT04259892

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  High/moderate risk contact with a laboratory-confirmed 2019-nCoV case

          -  Undergoing standard sanitary surveillance by Santé Publique France

          -  Written informed consent for patients ≥ 18 years

          -  Written informed consent of both parents for patients < 18 years

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Subject deprived of freedom

          -  Subject under a legal protective measure
      

NCT04268537

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Adult SARI patients with 2019-ncov infection confirmed by PCR;

          2. Absolute value of lymphocytes < 0. 6x 109/L;

          3. Severe respiratory failure within 48 hours and requires admission to ICU. (severe
             respiratory failure was defined as PaO2/FiO2 < 200 mmHg and was supported by positive
             pressure mechanical ventilation (including non-invasive and invasive mechanical
             ventilation, PEEP>=5cmH2O))

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Age < 18

          2. Pregnant

          3. Allergic to experimental drugs

          4. The underlying disease is very serious and the expected survival time is less than 6
             months (such as advanced malignant tumor);

          5. COPD or end-stage lung disease requires home oxygen therapy

          6. Expected survival time not exceeding 48 hours

          7. Participated in other clinical intervention trials within the last 3 months

          8. Autoimmune diseases

          9. A history of organ, bone marrow or hematopoietic stem cell transplantation 10.
             Received radiotherapy and chemotherapy for malignant tumor within 6 months

        11.HIV infected patients or diagnosed with acquired immunodeficiency within the past year
        (CD4 T cells <=200/mm3) 12. Patients receiving anti-hcv treatment 13.90 days of retinal
        detachment or eye surgery 14. Permanent blindness in one eye 15. History of iritis,
        endophthalmitis, scleral inflammation or retinitis 16. The competent physician considered
        it inappropriate to participate in the study
      

NCT04320017

        Inclusion Criteria:

        - COVID-19 positive patients admitted in a ward identified by positive PCR on nasal swab
        samples

        Exclusion Criteria:

        - Patients for which electrocardiogram or transthoracic echocardiography is not technically
        feasible
      

NCT04244591

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Adult

          -  PCR confirmed noval coronavirus infection

          -  Symptoms developed more than 7 days

          -  PaO2/FiO2 < 200 mmHg

          -  Positive pressure ventilation (non-invasive or invasive) or high flow nasal cannula
             (HFNC) higher than 45 L/min for less than 48 hours

          -  Requiring ICU admission

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  pregnancy;

          -  patients currently taking corticosteroids (cumulative 400 mg prednisone or
             equivalent);

          -  Severe underlying disease, i.e. end stage of malignancy disease or end stage of
             pulmonary disease;

          -  Severe adverse events before ICU admission, i.e. cardiac arrest;

          -  Underlying disease requiring corticosteroids;

          -  Contraindication for corticosteroids;

          -  Recruited in other clinical intervention trial
      

NCT04315480

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  SARS-CoV2 Infection diagnosed by rt-PCR

          -  CT-scan confirmed multifocal interstitial pneumonia

          -  Need of oxygen therapy to maintain SO2>93%

          -  Worsening of lung involvement, defined as (one of the following criteria):

               -  Worsening of oxygen saturation >3 percentage points or decrease in PaO2 >10%,
                  with stable FiO2 in the last 24h

               -  Need of increase FiO2 in order to maintain a stable SO2 or new onset need of
                  mechanical ventilation in the last 24h

               -  Increase in number and/or extension of pulmonary areas of consolidation

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Age <18 ys and >90 ys

          -  Severe heart failure

          -  Bacterial Infection

          -  Haematological neoplasm

          -  Neutrophil count below 1000/mcl

          -  Platelet count below 50000/mcl

          -  ALT> x5UNL

          -  Inability to give informed consent
      

NCT04264533

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. ≥ 18 years old;

          2. Diagnosed as serious or critical SARI (according to the 4th version of Diagnosis and
             Clinical management of 2019-nCoV infected pneumonia);

          3. Being treated in the ICU.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Allergic to vitamin C;

          2. Dyspnea due to cardiogenic pulmonary edema;

          3. Pregnant or breastfeeding;

          4. Expected life is less than 24 hours;

          5. There is a state of tracheotomy or home oxygen therapy in the past;

          6. Previously complicated with end-stage lung disease, end-stage malignancy,
             glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency, diabetic ketoacidosis, and active kidney
             stone disease;

          7. The patient participates in another clinical trial at the same time.
      

NCT04260594

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Sign the informed consent form;

          2. Age ≥18 years, regardless of gender;

          3. Subjects with pneumonia diagnosed as 2019-nCoV infection; A) Detection of 2019-nCoV
             nucleic acid positive by RT-PCR in respiratory tract or blood samples.

             B) The virus gene sequence of respiratory tract or blood samples is highly homologous
             to the known 2019-nCoV.

          4. According to the standard of "pneumonia diagnosis and treatment Program of New
             Coronavirus infection (trial Fifth Edition)" issued by National Health Commission of
             the People's Republic of China, clinical classification: mild, ordinary subjects; A)
             Mild type, the clinical symptoms were mild and no pneumonia was found in imaging.

        B) Common type, With fever, respiratory tract and other symptoms, the manifestations of
        pneumonia can be seen on imaging.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Critical type:

             If one of the following conditions is met:

             A) Respiratory failure occurs and mechanical ventilation is needed; B) Shock occurred;
             C) Patients with other organ failure need ICU monitoring treatment.

          2. Severe type:

             If one of the following conditions is met:

             A) Respiratory distress, RR ≥ 30 beats / min; B) In resting state, finger oxygen
             saturation (SaO2) ≤ 93%; C) Partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) / concentration
             of oxygen inhaled (FiO2)≤300mmHg）

          3. Those who have a history of allergy to this class of drugs and / or severe allergic
             constitution;

          4. The results of laboratory tests are abnormal:

             A) Hematological dysfunction is defined as:

             i) Platelet (PLT) count: ＜100 × 109 / L; ii) hemoglobin (Hb) level ＜90g/L.

             B) abnormal liver function is defined as:

             i) level of total bilirubin(TBil) : ＞2 times Upper Limits of Normal(ULN); ii) the
             levels of aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and Alanine transaminase (ALT)：＞3 times of
             ULN.

             C) definition of renal dysfunction:

             Serum creatinine＞1.5 times of ULN, or calculated creatinine clearance＜50ml / min;

             D) definition of abnormal blood coagulation:

             International normalized ratio(INR) ＞1.5 times of ULN, and the prothrombin time ((PT))
             or activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) is 1.5 times of ULN, unless the
             subject is receiving anticoagulant therapy.

          5. Abidor was used before inclusion(Tablets, capsules, granules).

          6. Women who are nursing or pregnant.

          7. Serum or urine pregnancy tests were positive for women of child-bearing age.

          8. Immunodeficient patient(Patients with malignant tumors, Organ or bone marrow
             transplant, HIV patient, those who took immunosuppressive drugs within 3 months before
             the screening test ).

          9. With the following history of present illness:

               1. Neurological and neurodevelopmental disorders, These include diseases of the
                  brain, spinal cord, peripheral nerves and muscles(Such as cerebral palsy,
                  epilepsy, stroke, mental retardation, moderate to severe developmental delay,
                  muscular malnutrition or spinal cord injury ).

               2. circulation system disease( congenital heart disease, Congestive heart failure or
                  coronary artery disease).

               3. Severe heart disease or a history of clinically significant arrhythmias that the
                  researchers believe will affect participants' safety (According to the ECG or
                  medical history).

         10. Other patients considered ineligible for this study were considered ineligible by the
             investigators
      

NCT04319731

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  1. Age ≥18

          -  2. Hospitalized and symptomatic (cough, fevers, SOB, or sputum production)

          -  3. SARS CoV-2 laboratory positive obtained within 14 days of enrollment

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  1. Home oxygen use
      

NCT04320615

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Hospitalized with COVID-19 pneumonia confirmed per WHO criteria (including a positive
             PCR of any specimen; e.g., respiratory, blood, urine, stool, other bodily fluid) and
             evidenced by chest X-ray or CT scan

          -  SPO2 </=93% or PaO2/FiO2 <300 mmHg

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Known severe allergic reactions to TCZ or other monoclonal antibodies

          -  Active tuberculosis (TB) infection

          -  Suspected active bacterial, fungal, viral, or other infection (besides COVID-19)

          -  In the opinion of the investigator, progression to death is imminent and inevitable
             within the next 24 hours, irrespective of the provision of treatments

          -  Have received oral anti-rejection or immunomodulatory drugs (including TCZ) with the
             past 6 months

          -  Participating in other drug clinical trials (participation in COVID-19 anti-viral
             trials may be permitted if approved by Medical Monitor)

          -  Pregnant or breastfeeding, or positive pregnancy test in a pre-dose examination

          -  Treatment with an investigational drug within 5 half-lives or 30 days (whichever is
             longer) of randomization (investigational COVID-19 antivirals may be permitted if
             approved by Medial Monitor)

          -  Any serious medical condition or abnormality of clinical laboratory tests that, in the
             investigator's judgment, precludes the patient's safe participation in and completion
             of the study
      

NCT04275947

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  High risk of COVID-19

          -  RT-PCR test result of SAR2-CoV-19

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Not available for RT-PCR test result of SAR2-CoV-19
      

NCT04270383

        1. For the 2019-nCoV infection group

             Inclusion Criteria:

             Diagnosed with 2019-nCoV infection (with direct laboratory evidence).

               1. Respiratory or blood samples tested positive for novel coronavirus nucleic acid
                  with RT-PCR.

               2. Gene sequencing of respiratory or blood samples show highly homologous with known
                  novel coronaviruses.

             Exclusion Criteria:

             Subjects will be excluded if the children or their parents disagree to conduct this
             study.

          2. For the control group

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Diagnosed with pneumonia, and excepted of novel coronavirus infection.

          2. The hospitalization time is the same as that of novel coronavirus pneumonia.

        Exclusion Criteria:

        Subject will be excluded if she or he has one of the following:

          1. First diagnosis is not pneumonia.

          2. Any one of the novel coronavirus laboratory test results show positive.

          3. Children or their parents disagree to conduct this study.
      

NCT04261517

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  The participants were diagnosed as pneumonia caused by 2019-nCoV, according to the
             notice on printing and distributing the diagnosis and treatment plan of pneumonia with
             new coronavirus infection (trial version 4 or update version) made by National Health
             Commission of the People's Republic of China;

          -  Participants aged over 18;

          -  Written the informed consent.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Hypersensitivity to chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine;

          -  Women during pregnancy;

          -  Severe heart, lung, kidney, brain, blood diseases or other important systemic
             diseases;

          -  Participants with retinal disease, hearing loss;

          -  Participants with severe neurological and mental illness;

          -  Subjects were considered to be unable to complete the study, or not suitable for the
             study by researchers.

        Exit criteria:

          -  Subjects asked to withdraw the study

          -  Subject will benefit if withdraw according to researchers' suggestions
      

NCT04320238

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Formally serving medical staff in Taihe Hospital;

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  pregnant women; severe chronic diseases who are unable to participate in daily routine
             work; fever (temperature≥37.3 ° ) and / or respiratory symptoms.
      

NCT04261270

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Age:18~55 years old, unlimited gender.

          2. Laboratory (RT-PCR) confirmed infection with 2019-nCoV and accompanied with clinical
             manifestations.

          3. Patients with newly diagnosed respiratory discomfort who have been hospitalized (The
             proper diagnosis time is less than 7 days).

          4. Women who have no planned pregnancy in the next six months,and are willing to take
             effective measures to prevent contraception from the first dose of study drug to 30
             days after the last dose.

          5. Agree not to participate in other clinical studies within 30 days from the first dose
             of the study drug to the last dose.

          6. Patients who voluntarily sign informed consent forms.

        Exclusion Criteria:

        1.2019-nCoV severe Pneumonia patients.

        Meet the definition of severe pneumonia(Comply with any of the followings):

          1. Respiratory distress ,RR≥30 bpm;

          2. In a resting state:SPO2≤93%;

          3. PaO2/ FiO2≤300mmHg.

             2.2019-nCoV critical and severe Pneumonia patients.Comply with any of the
             followings:Respiratory failure and need mechanical ventilation;Shock;Patients combined
             with other organ failure need ICU monitoring and treatment.

             3.Severe liver disease(such as:the ChildPugh score≥C;AST > 5 times the upper limit).

             4.Patients who are allergic to the ingredients of ASC09/ritonavir compound tablets.

             5.Patients with definite contraindications in ritonavir tablets.

             6.Female subjects were positive for the pregnancy test during the screening period.

             7.Researcher judges unsuitable for participation in this clinical trial(such as:during
             the study patients may be transferred to hospital for treatment;patients with multiple
             underlying diseases, etc)
      

NCT04307693

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  confirmed mild COVID-19 (NEWS scoring system 0-4)

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  unable to take oral medication

          -  pregnancy or breast feeding

          -  immunocompromised patients

          -  creatinine clearance (CCL) < 30 mL/min

          -  aspartate transaminase (AST) or alanine transaminase (ALT) > 5 times Upper limit of
             normal (ULN)
      

NCT04320953

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Signed the informed consents before joining this study

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Dysphagia or symptoms of gastric outlet obstruction, suspected or known intestinal
             stenosis, history of upper gastrointestinal surgery or abdominal surgery altering
             gastrointestinal anatomy

          -  Refused abdominal surgery to take out the capsule in case of capsule retention

          -  Implanted pacemaker, except the pacemaker is compatible with MRI

          -  Other implanted electromedical devices or magnetic metal foreign bodies

          -  Pregnancy or suspected pregnancy
      

NCT04321278

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Males and females aged > 18 years;

          2. Probable or confirmed infection by SARS-CoV2 presenting with one of the following:

               -  Need for oxygen supplementation > 4L or,

               -  Need for high oxygen flow nasal catheter, or

               -  Need for non-invasive ventilation, or

               -  Need for mechanical ventilation.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Refusal to provide written informed consent (either the patient or a legal
             representative);

          2. Hypersensitivity to any of the drugs used in the study (Azithromycin or
             Hydroxychloroquine);

          3. Patients with long QT syndrome or severe ventricular arrhythmias;

          4. QTc> = 480ms;

          5. Patients without a therapeutic perspective or with a palliative care perspective;

          6. Patients with liver disease or cirrhosis or abnormal liver enzyme tests above three
             times the upper limit values (alanine aminotransferase -ALT and aspartate
             aminotransferase - AST);

          7. Renal dysfunction (estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR] <30 mL/min/1.73m2,
             using the MDRD or CKD-EPI methods);

          8. Patients with retinopathy or macular degeneration;

          9. Patients with pancreatitis;

         10. Patients using drugs that prolong the QT interval;

         11. Patients with concomitant use of medications that alter the absorption or excretion of
             azithromycin or hydroxychloroquine;

         12. Breastfeeding women;

         13. Patients using psychoactive drugs;

         14. Pregnancy.
      

NCT04305457

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Laboratory confirmed COVID19 infection defined with a positive RT-PCR from any
             specimen and/or detection of SARS-CoV-2 IgM/IgG antibodies.

          2. Hospital admission with at least one of the following:

               1. fever ≥ 36.6 °C from axillary site; or ≥ 37.2°C from oral site; or ≥ 37.6°C from
                  tympanic or rectal site.

               2. Respiratory rate ≥ 24 bpm

               3. cough

          3. Spontaneous breathing with or without hypoxia of any degree. Gas exchange and
             ventilation maybe assisted by any continuous continuous airway pressure (CPAP), or any
             system of Non Invasive Ventilation (NIV), with Positive End-Expiratory Pressure (PEEP)
             ≤ 10 cmH2O.

          4. ≤ 8 days since onset of the symptoms

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Tracheostomy

          2. Therapy with high flow nasal cannula

          3. Any clinical contraindications, as judged by the attending physician

          4. Hospitalized and confirmed diagnosis of COVID-19 for more than 72 hours
      

NCT04313023

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  1. Subjects must have documented exposure to COVID-19 and have a documented negative
             test for the virus within 72 hours of the administration of study drug

          -  2. Subjects must be free of clinical symptoms (fever, cough, shortness of breath) of a
             potential COVID-19 infection

          -  3. Subjects must be under quarantine in a controlled facility or hospital (home
             quarantine is not sufficient)

          -  4. Spirometry (forced expiratory volume in one second [FEV1] and forced vital capacity
             [FVC]) ≥70% of predicted value

          -  5. If female, must be either post-menopausal (one year or greater without menses),
             surgically sterile, or, for female subjects of child-bearing potential who are capable
             of conception must be: practicing two effective methods of birth control (acceptable
             methods include intrauterine device, spermicide, barrier, male partner surgical
             sterilization, and hormonal contraception) during the study and through 30 days after
             completion of the study. Abstinence is not classified as an effective method of birth
             control.

          -  6. If female, must not be pregnant, plan to become pregnant, or nurse a child during
             the study and through 30 days after completion of the study. A pregnancy test must be
             negative at the Screening Visit, prior to dosing on Day 1.

          -  7. If male, must be surgically sterile or willing to practice two effective methods of
             birth control (acceptable methods include barrier, spermicide, or female partner
             surgical sterilization) during the study and through 30 days after completion of the
             study. Abstinence is not classified as an effective method of birth control.

          -  8. Ability to understand and give informed consent.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  1. Documented infection with COVID-19

          -  2. Clinical signs and symptoms consistent with COVID-19 infection (fever, cough,
             shortness of breath) at the time of screening

          -  3. Known history of chronic pulmonary disease (e.g., asthma [including atopic asthma,
             exercise-induced asthma, or asthma triggered by respiratory infection], chronic
             pulmonary disease, pulmonary fibrosis, COPD), pulmonary hypertension, or heart
             failure.

          -  4. Any condition which, in the opinion of the Principal Investigator, would prevent
             full participation in this trial or would interfere with the evaluation of the trial
             endpoints.

          -  5. Previous exposure to PUL-042 Inhalation Solution
      

NCT04061382

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Parents/legal guardians or adult participant* is willing and able to give informed
             consent for participation in the study.

          -  Male or Female, aged 0 - 24 years inclusive.

          -  Parents/legal guardians or adult participants are willing to allow their General
             Practitioner or relevant NHS databases to be contacted for a full immunisation history

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  If participants do not live in the postcode districts selected by PHE

          -  Medically diagnosed bleeding disorder

          -  Medically diagnosed platelet disorder

          -  Anticoagulation medication

          -  Pregnancy

          -  If another member of their household is participating who is within 5 years of age of
             the potential participants age
      

NCT04317092

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Any gender

          2. No age limit

          3. Informed consent for participation in the study

          4. Virological diagnosis of Sars-CoV2 infection (PCR)

          5. Hospitalized due to clinical/instrumental diagnosis of pneumonia

          6. Oxygen saturation at rest in ambient air ≤93% (valid for not intubated patients and
             for both phase 2 and observational cohort)

          7. Intubated less than 24 hours before registration (eligible for phase 2 only -
             criterium #6 does not apply in this case)

          8. Intubated more than 24 hours before registration (eligible for observational cohort
             only - criterium #6 does not apply in this case)

          9. Patients already treated with tocilizumab before registration are eligible for
             observational cohort only if one criterium among #6, #7, #8 is valid

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Known hypersensitivity to tocilizumab or its excipients

          2. Patient being treated with immunomodulators or anti-rejection drugs

          3. Known active infections or other clinical condition that controindicate tocilizumab
             and cannot be treated or solved according to the judgement of the clinician

          4. ALT / AST> 5 times the upper limit of the normality

          5. Neutrophils <500 / mmc

          6. Platelets <50.000 / mmc

          7. Bowel diverticulitis or perforation
      

NCT04318015

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  18 years old upon study start

          -  Healthcare personnel exposed to patients with COVID-19 respiratory disease:
             physicians, nurses, chemists, pharmacists, janitors, stretcher-bearer, administrative
             and respiratory therapists.

          -  Signed consent for randomization to any study arm.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Known hypersensitivity to hydroxychloroquine manifested as anaphylaxis

          -  Current treatment to chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine

          -  Women with last menstruation date farther than a month without negative pregnancy
             test.

          -  Women with positive pregnancy test

          -  Breastfeeding women

          -  Chronic hepatic disease history (Child-Pugh B or C)

          -  Chronic renal disease (GFR less or equal to 30)
      

NCT04319445

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Any person interested in participating in the mindfulness session will be eligible to
             complete the pre/post surveys and participate in the mindfulness session.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  None
      

NCT04273529

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Age ≥18 years;

          2. Laboratory (RT-PCR) diagnosis of common patients infected with COVID-19 (refer to the
             fifth edition of the Chinese Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment);

          3. chest imaging confirmed lung damage;

          4. The diagnosis is less than or equal to 8 days;

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Severe liver disease (such as Child Pugh score ≥ C, AST> 5 times the upper limit);
             severe renal dysfunction (the glomerulus is 30ml / min / 1.73m2 or less)

          2. Positive pregnancy or breastfeeding or pregnancy test;

          3. In the 30 days before the screening assessment, have taken any experimental treatment
             drugs for COVID-19 (including off-label, informed consent use or trial-related);

          4. Those with a history of thromboembolism, except for those caused by PICC.
      

NCT04312100

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients diagnosed with COVID-19

               -  Aged between 18-75 years;

                    -  Willing to sign the informed consent voluntarily.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients with active tuberculosis, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, bronchial asthma,
             bronchiectasis, pulmonary embolism, chronic respiratory failure or other serious
             respiratory diseases; ② patients with serious cardiovascular and cerebrovascular
             diseases (malignant arrhythmia, unstable angina, acute myocardial infarction, cardiac
             function grade 3 or above, stroke, cerebral hemorrhage, etc.); ③ Patients with serious
             hepatorenal diseases (serious liver diseases refer to cirrhosis, portal hypertension
             and varicose bleeding, and serious kidney diseases include dialysis and kidney
             transplantation); ④ tumor patients who have undergone resection, radiotherapy and
             chemotherapy within 5 years; ⑤ patients who have difficulty in activity due to
             neuromuscular diseases; ⑥ patients with serious arthritis; ⑦ patients with serious
             peripheral vascular diseases; ⑧ Pregnant and lactating women; ⑨ with severe cognitive
             and mental disorders; ⑩ the clinical researchers who were participating in other
             interventions within one month before selection;
      

NCT04302688

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients with novel coronavirus pneumonia should be examined and diagnosed by CT and
             swab test of viral nucleic acid.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients who should have died during the course of the disease, but the cause of death
             was unrelated to viral pneumonia.

          -  Suspected patient review refers to the negative nucleic acid test.
      

NCT04275414

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Age 18 to 80.

          2. Confirmed COVID-19 diagnosis(including the clinically confirmed cases in Hubei).

          3. Accord with any of the following: ① Respiratory distress, RR ≥ 30 breaths/min; ② SpO2
             ≤ 93% at rest; ③ Partial arterial oxygen pressure (PaO2) / Fraction of inspiration O2
             (FiO2) ≤ 300mmHg (1mmHg = 0.133kPa).

          4. Chest imaging confirms lung involvement and has inflammatory exudation or pleural
             effusion.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Cannot obtain informed consent.

          2. Severe hepatic dysfunction (Child Pugh score ≥ C, or AST> 5 times the upper limit);
             Severe renal dysfunction (estimated glomerular filtration rate ≤ 30mL / min / 1.73 m2)
             or receive continuous renal replacement therapy, hemodialysis, or peritoneal dialysis.

          3. Unsatisfactory controlled hypertension (seated systolic blood pressure> 160mmHg, or
             diastolic blood pressure> 100mmHg); previous history of hypertension crisis or
             hypertensive encephalopathy.

          4. Poorly controlled heart diseases, such as NYHA class II and above cardiac
             insufficiency, unstable angina pectoris, myocardial infarction within 1 year before
             enrollment, supraventricular or ventricular arrhythmia need treatment or intervention.

          5. Hereditary bleeding tendency or coagulopathy; received full-dose anticoagulant or
             thrombolytic therapy within10 days before enrollment, or have taken non-steroidal
             anti-inflammatory drugs with platelet suppression within 10 days before enrollment
             (Except those who use small doses of aspirin ≤325mg / day for preventive use).

          6. Thrombosis within 6 months before enrollment. And from those patients, screen who had
             arterial / venous thromboembolic events, such as, ischemic stroke, transient ischemic
             attack, deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, etc. within 1 year ahead of
             enrollment. Severe vascular disease (including aneurysms or arterial thrombosis
             requiring surgery) within 6 months before enrollment.

          7. Unhealed wounds, active gastric ulcers or fractures. Gastrointestinal perforation,
             gastrointestinal fistula, abdominal abscess, visceral fistula formation within 6
             months before enrollment. Major surgery (including preoperative Chest biopsy) or major
             trauma (such as a fracture) within 28 days before enrollment. May have surgery during
             the trial.

          8. Severe, active bleeding such as hemoptysis, gastrointestinal bleeding, central nervous
             system bleeding, and nosebleeds within 1 month before enrollment.

          9. Malignant tumors within 5 years before enrollment.

         10. Allergic to bevacizumab or its components.

         11. Untreated active hepatitis or HIV-positive patients.

         12. Pregnant and lactating women and those planning to get pregnant.

         13. Participated in other clinical trials, not considered suitable for this study by the
             researchers.
      

NCT04312464

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  (1) Age ≥18 years. (2) Laboratory (RT-PCR) confirmed infection with SARS-CoV-2. (3)
             Lung involvement confirmed with chest imaging.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  No cTnI test on admission
      

NCT04310228

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Clinically diagnosed with Corona Virus Disease 2019

          2. Increased interleukin-6

          3. Sign the informed consent

          4. Subjects who can take medicine orally

          5. Agree to collect clinical samples

          6. Female subjects of childbearing age are not pregnant and agree to take effective
             contraception within 7 days of the last oral medication to ensure that they are not
             pregnant within 3-6 months

          7. Male patients agree to effective contraception within 7 days of last oral medication.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Cases of severe vomiting that make it difficult to take the drug orally

          2. Allergic to Favipiravir or tocilizumab

          3. Pregnant and lactating women

          4. Subjects received specific antiviral drugs such as lopinavir / ritonavir, ribavirin,
             arbidol, chloroquine phosphate, hydroxychloroquine, and monoclonal antibodies within
             one week before admission.

          5. Cases of respiratory failure and requiring mechanical ventilation

          6. Cases of shock

          7. Combined organ failure requires ICU monitoring and treatment

          8. Predicted clinically that there is no hope of survival, or cases of deep coma that do
             not respond to supportive treatment measures within three hours of admission

          9. Alanine aminotransferase / Aspartate aminotransferase> 5 times of upper limit of
             normal

         10. Neutrophils <0.5 × 10^9 / L, platelets less than 50 × 10^9 / L

         11. Clear diagnosis of rheumatoid immunity, malignant tumors and other related diseases

         12. Long-term oral anti-rejection drugs or immunomodulatory drugs

         13. Allergic reactions to tocilizumab or any excipients

         14. Patients with active hepatitis, tuberculosis, and definite bacterial and fungal
             infections

         15. Organ transplant patients

         16. Patients with mental disorders
      

NCT04320472

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Critical care admission

          -  Admission for/with acute encephalopathy defined as a rapidly developing (over less
             than 4 weeks, but usually within hours to a few days) pathobiological process in the
             brain; including delirium or subsyndromal (DSM V definition) or coma (Glasgow coma
             scale score < 9)

          -  Age ≥ 18 years

        Exclusion Criteria:

        - Opposition to study participation from the patient itself or patient surrogate
      

NCT04260308

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  can use mobil phone or computer

          -  volunteer to take part in the investigation

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  can not use phone or computer

          -  unwilling to take part in the investigation
      

NCT04313127

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Aged between 18 and 60 years.

          -  Able to understand the content of informed consent and willing to sign the informed
             consent

          -  Able and willing to complete all the secluded study process during the whole 6 months
             study follow-up period.

          -  Negative in HIV diagnostic test.

          -  Negative in serum antibodies (IgG and IgM) screening of COVID-19.

          -  Normal in lung CT images (no imaging features of COVID-19

          -  Axillary temperature ≤37.0°C.

          -  The BMI index is 18.5-30.0.

          -  Negative in Nasopharyngeal swabs / sputum and anal swabs through RT-PCR

          -  Laboratory tests such as hematological examination and clinical biochemistry
             examination are in the normal range or without meaning judged by clinical doctor.

          -  General good health as established by medical history and physical examination.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Family history of seizure, epilepsy, brain or mental disease

          -  Subject allergic to any component of the investigational vaccine, or a more severe
             allergic reaction and history of allergies in the past.

          -  Woman who is pregnant, breast-feeding or positive in β-HCG (human chorionic
             gonadotropin) pregnancy test (urine) on day of enrollment, or become pregnant during
             the next 6 months

          -  Any acute fever disease or infections.

          -  History of SARS

          -  Major congenital defects or not well-controlled chronic illness, such as asthma,
             diabetes, or thyroid disease.

          -  Serious cardiovascular diseases, such as arrhythmia, conduction block, myocardial
             infarction, severe hypertension without controllable drugs, etc.

          -  Hereditary angioneurotic edema or acquired angioneurotic edema

          -  Urticaria in last one year

          -  No spleen or functional spleen.

          -  Platelet disorder or other bleeding disorder may cause injection contraindication

          -  Faint at the sight of needles.

          -  Prior administration of immunodepressant or corticosteroids, antianaphylaxis
             treatment, cytotoxic treatment in last 6 months.

          -  Prior administration of blood products in last 4 months

          -  Prior administration of other research medicines in last 1 month

          -  Prior administration of attenuated vaccine in last 1 month

          -  Prior administration of inactivated vaccine in last 14 days

          -  Current anti-tuberculosis prophylaxis or therapy

          -  According to the judgement of investigator,various medical, psychological, social or
             other conditions, those could affect the subjects to sign informed consent.
      

NCT04263402

        Inclusion Criteria:

        1.Meet the definition of severe pneumonia(Comply with any of the followings):

          1. Shortness of breath,RR≥30 bpm;

          2. In a resting state:SPO2≤93%;

          3. PaO2/FiO2≤300mmHg.

        2.2019-nCoV nucleic acid test was positive.

        3.CT of the lung conformed to the manifestation of viral pneumonia.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. dying state (i.e. survival time is less than 24 hours);

          2. progressive malignant tumor with life expectancy less than 6 months;

          3. immunosuppressive status(patients using immunosuppressants or chemotherapeutic drugs)

          4. underlying diseases requiring long-term glucocorticoid treatment in the past 6 months
             or short-term glucocorticoid therapy in the past 4 weeks;

          5. pregnancy

          6. patients with glucocorticoid taboos
      

NCT04278963

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Age ≥18 years at time of signing Informed Consent Form.

          2. Laboratory (RT-PCR) confirmed infection with CoVID-19.

          3. Hospitalised with Fever(≥36.7℃ -axilla or oral temperature ≥ 38.0 ℃ or ≥38.6°C
             tympanic or rectal) and cough;

          4. No difficulty swallowing oral medications.

          5. Must agree not to enroll in another study of an investigational agent prior to
             completion of Day 28 of study.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Allergies, known to be allergic to research drugs or drug excipients;

          2. Patient weight is less than 40 kg;

          3. Respiratory distress-RR≥30 / min on room air,or SPO2≤ 93%, or PaO2/FiO2 ≤300mmHg
             (1mmHg = 0.133kPa)

          4. Shock;

          5. The clinician judges that ICU monitoring treatment is needed;

          6. Patients who have participated in other clinical trials within 1 month;

          7. Known patients with impaired renal function (estimated creatinine clearance <60 mL /
             min (male: Cr (ml / min) = (140-age) × body weight (kg) / 72 × blood creatinine
             concentration (mg / dl); female: Cr (ml / min) = (140-age) × weight (kg) / 85 × blood
             creatinine concentration (mg / dl));

          8. During the screening or within 24 hours before screening, patients were found to have
             any of the following laboratory parameter abnormalities (based on local laboratory
             reference range):-ALT or AST level> 5 times the upper limit of normal range (ULN)
             or-ALT or AST > 3 times ULN and total bilirubin levels> 2 times ULN;

          9. Being pregnant or breastfeeding, or having a positive pregnancy test at the time of
             pre-dose inspection, or planning to become pregnant within 3 months of study
             treatment.
      

NCT04321369

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Able to consent and agree to participate in the project after discussing the project

          -  Coming to The Everett Clinic during the operational project duration

          -  Evidence of upper respiratory symptoms suggesting higher risk of testing positive for
             SARS-CoV-2 virus.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Not able to demonstrate understanding of the study

          -  Not willing to commit to having all four samples collected

          -  Medical history evidencing any of the following

               -  Active nosebleed in the past 24 hours

               -  Nasal surgery in the past two weeks

               -  Chemotherapy treatment with low platelet and low white blood cell counts

               -  Acute facial trauma
      

NCT04295551

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Aged >=18 years;

          2. Novel coronavirus pneumonia patients diagnosed by pathogenic testing;

          3. The patient himself participated in the study voluntarily, agreed and signed the
             informed consent.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Meet the diagnostic criteria for severe new-type coronavirus infection pneumonia;

          2. Severe primary diseases that affect survival, including: uncontrolled malignant
             tumors, hematological diseases, and HIV that have not been metastasized in multiple
             places;

          3. Obstructive pneumonia, pulmonary interstitial fibrosis, alveolar proteinosis, and
             allergic alveolitis caused by lung tumors;

          4. Women who are breastfeeding or pregnant;

          5. Those who are known to be allergic to the ingredients contained in the research
             medication, or patients with allergies;

          6. Those who have continued to use immunosuppressive agents or organ transplants in the
             past 6 months;

          7. Patients who have participated in other drug clinical trials within 3 months before
             the screening test;

          8. The investigator judges that he or she cannot complete or should not participate in
             the study (expected death within 48 hours, and the patient refuses active treatment)
      

NCT04291053

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Aged between 18 and 75 years, extremes included, male or female

          2. Patients diagnosed with mild or common type COVID-19, according to the official
             guideline "Pneumonia Diagnosis and Treatment Scheme for Novel Coronavirus Infection
             (Trial Version 6)"

          3. patients can generally tolerable for treatment recommended by the official guideline
             "Pneumonia Diagnosis and Treatment Scheme for Novel Coronavirus Infection (Trial
             Version 6)"

          4. Patients have not been accompanied by serious physical diseases of heart, lung, brain,
             etc.,Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group score standard:0-1

          5. Ability to understand and the willingness to sign a written informed consent document.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Female subjects who are pregnant or breastfeeding.

          2. patients who are allergic to this medicine

          3. patients meet the contraindications of Huaier granule

          4. Patients with diabetes

          5. Patients have any condition that in the judgement of the Investigators would make the
             subject inappropriate for entry into this study.

          6. patients can't take drugs orally
      

NCT04281693

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Who agree to participate in the study and sign written informed consent

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Confirmed NCIP patients
      

NCT04320277

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  All consecutive patients with mild to moderate COVID-19 infection

          -  Age >18 years,

          -  Clinical diagnosis of COVID19 infection

          -  Patients should present fever, cough and myalgia and weakness and radiological
             findings of pneumonia.

          -  All patients should be willing and able to provide written informed consent prior to
             performing study procedures.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Age less than 18

          -  History of thrombophlebitis.

          -  Patient with latent tuberculosis infection (Quantiferon test).

          -  Pregnancy and lactation.
      

NCT04320511

        Inclusion criteria:

          1. Adults >18 years of age

          2. Informed consent

          3. A confirmed diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2 with mild to moderate disease defined as oxygen >
             90% on room air on or supplemental oxygen not more than 6L

          4. Concomitant medications for the treatment are allowed

        Exclusion criteria:

          1. Patients <18 years

          2. Pregnant females

          3. Invasive ventilator support or non-invasive ventilator support including high flow
             nasal cannula

          4. COPD or Congestive Heart Failure patients requiring home oxygen

          5. History of lung cancer and radiation to lung or had prior radiation to the chest
      

NCT04285190

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Adult male or female patients aged 18-85 years old;

          2. The newly diagnosed COVID-19 patients who meet the diagnostic criteria set forth in
             the "Guidance of Diagnosis and Treatment for Patients with Coronavirus Disease 2019
             (COVID-19) (Procedural Version 5 Amendment)", issued by the National Health Commission
             of the People's Republic of China on 8 February 2020;

          3. Patients whose blood oxygen saturation is not less than 90%.

          4. Patients who agree to participate in the study and voluntarily comply with the
             relevant requirements of the study.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Patients with other diseases that may affect, in the opinion of study researchers, the
             implementation of the study or the observation of the efficacy data;

          2. Patients with severe Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19), that is based on "Guidance
             of Diagnosis and Treatment for Patients with Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19)
             (Procedural Version 5 Amendment)" with respect to the criteria for clinical severity
             classification;

          3. Female patients with known pregnancy and in lactation at screening;

          4. Patients with previous allergies to T89 or Radix Salvia Miltiorrhizae, Radix
             Notoginseng and Borneol;

          5. Any other condition that, in the opinion of the investigator, may affect the conduct
             of the study, reduce compliance or increase the risk of patients.
      

NCT04302766

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  DoD-affiliated personnel as defined in DoDI 6200.02, which includes
             emergency-essential civilian employees and/or contractor personnel accompanying the
             Armed Forces who are subject to the same health risk as military personnel

          -  Have a laboratory-confirmed COVID-19 diagnosis with moderate to severe disease
             presentation as determined by the principal investigator

          -  Patient or legally authorized representative (LAR) provides written informed consent,
             except as noted in 21 CFR 50.23

          -  Understands and agrees to comply with planned study procedures

          -  Available for clinical follow-up for duration of the treatment and follow-up period

          -  Woman of childbearing potential must

               -  Have a negative pregnancy test within 24 hours before starting treatment

               -  Agree not to become pregnant during treatment and for 1 months after receiving
                  remdesivir (Treatment will be a maximum of 10 doses given over a 10-day interval)

               -  Use at least 2 reliable forms of effective contraception, including 1 barrier
                  method, during treatment and for 1 month after the treatment period

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  ALT/AST ≥ 5 times the upper limit of normal

          -  Stage 4 severe kidney disease or requiring dialysis (i.e. eGFR <30)

          -  Anticipated transfer to another hospital that is not a study site within 72 hours

          -  Allergy to any components of the study medication [GS-5734, sulfobutylether
             β-cyclodextrin sodium (SBECD) and hydrochloric acid and/or sodium hydroxide]

          -  Concomitant antiviral therapy (lopinavir/ritonavir [Kaletra])

          -  Pregnant or nursing
      

NCT04293692

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Male or female, 18 years old ≤ age ≤ 75years old;

          2. CT image is characteristic of 2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia;

          3. Laboratory confirmation of 2019-nCoV infection by reverse-transcription polymerase
             chain reaction (RT-PCR);

          4. In compliance with the 2019-nCoV pneumonia diagnosis standard (according to the novel
             coronavirus infection pneumonia diagnosis and treatment program (Trial Implementation
             Version 6) issued by the National Health and Medical Commission, and WHO 2019 new
             coronavirus guidelines standards): (A) increased breathing rate (≥30 beats / min),
             difficulty breathing, cyanosis of the lips; (B) in resting state, means oxygen
             saturation ≤93%; (C) partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) / Fraction of inspired
             oxygen (FiO2) ≤300 mmHg (1mmHg = 0.133kPa);

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Patients with severe allergies or allergies to stem cells;

          2. Patients with serious basic diseases that affect survival, including: blood diseases,
             cachexia, active bleeding, severe malnutrition, etc.;

          3. Patients with pulmonary obstructive pneumonia, severe pulmonary interstitial fibrosis,
             alveolar proteinosis, allergic alveolitis, and other known viral pneumonia or
             bacterial pneumonia;

          4. Continuous use of immunosuppressive agents or organ transplants in the past 6 months;

          5. In vitro life support (ECMO, ECCO2R, RRT);

          6. Expected deaths within 48 hours, uncontrolled infections;

          7. Patients with malignant blood-borne diseases such as HIV or syphilis;

          8. Patient with pregnancy, are planning to become pregnant or breastfeeding;

          9. Patients with poor compliance and unable to complete the full study;

         10. The investigator determines that there may be increased risk of the subject or other
             conditions that interfere with the clinical trial and the judgment of the results
             (such as excessive stress, sensitivity or cognitive impairment, etc.);

         11. There are other situations that the researchers think are not suitable to participate
             in this clinical study
      

NCT04308317

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients with mild and severe cases who have been diagnosed with new coronavirus
             pneumonia according to the "Pneumonitis Diagnosis and Treatment -

          -  Plan for New Coronavirus Infection"

          -  Age 18 to 75 years;

          -  Sign the informed consent voluntarily.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  With active tuberculosis, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, bronchial asthma,
             bronchiectasis, pulmonary embolism, patients with chronic respiratory failure or other
             severe respiratory disease;

          -  According to the "pneumonia diagnosis and treatment program for new coronavirus
             infection" (trial version 6), critically ill patients

          -  With severe patients with disease of heart head blood-vessel, malignant arrhythmia,
             unstable angina, acute myocardial infarction and death, cardiac function level 3 and
             above, stroke, cerebral hemorrhage, etc.);

          -  With severe liver and kidney diseases (severe liver disease refers to cirrhosis,
             portal hypertension and varices bleeding, severe kidney disease including dialysis,
             kidney transplantation);

          -  Pregnant and lactating women;

          -  Severe cognitive and mental disorders;

          -  Clinical investigators who were participating in other interventions within 1 month
             prior to inclusion
      

NCT04299152

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Adult patients (18 years)

          2. Must have a clinical diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2, with at least one of clinical symptoms
             (e.g., fever ≥38°C, fatigue, cough) and a positive result by the reverse-transcription
             polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) testing

          3. Patients must not have received any antiviral treatments known to affect SARS-CoV-2

          4. Patients must agree that they are not permitted to use any other treatment to affect
             SARS-CoV-2 during a period of 6 months after undergoing SCE therapy

          5. Adequate venous access for apheresis

          6. Ability to provide informed consent

          7. For female patients only, willingness to use FDA-recommended birth control
             (http://www.fda.gov/downloads/ForConsumers/ByAudience/ForWomen/FreePublications/UCM356
             451.pdf) until 6 months post treatment.

          8. Must agree to comply with all study requirements and be willing to complete all study
             visits

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. AST or ALT 2 > x upper limit of normal.

          2. Abnormal bilirubin (total bilirubin > 1.2 mg/dL, direct bilirubin > 0.4 mg/dL)

          3. Creatinine > 2.0 mg/dl.

          4. Known coronary artery disease or EKG suggestive of coronary artery disease unless
             cardiac clearance for apheresis is obtained from a cardiologist.

          5. Known active infection such as Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, or Human Immunodeficiency
             Virus (HIV)

          6. Pregnancy assessed by a positive serum pregnancy test or breastfeeding mothers

          7. Use of immunosuppressive medication within one month of enrollment including but not
             limited to cyclosporine, tacrolimus, sirolimus, and chemotherapy.

          8. Anticoagulation other than ASA.

          9. Hemoglobin < 10 g/dl or platelets < 100 k/ml

         10. Is unable or unwilling to provide informed consent

         11. Presence of any other physical or psychological medical condition that, in the opinion
             of the investigator, would preclude participation
      

NCT04312997

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  1. Subjects must have a documented positive test for the COVID-19 virus within 72
             hours of the administration of study drug

          -  2. Subjects who have no requirement for oxygen (Ordinal Scale for Clinical Improvement
             score of 3 or less)

          -  3. Subjects must be under observation or admitted to a controlled facility or hospital
             (home quarantine is not sufficient)

          -  4. Subjects must be receiving standard of care (SOC) for COVID-19

          -  5. Subject's spirometry (forced expiratory volume in one second [FEV1] and forced
             vital capacity [FVC]) must be ≥70% of predicted value

          -  6. If female, must be either post-menopausal (one year or greater without menses),
             surgically sterile, or, for female subjects of child-bearing potential who are capable
             of conception must be: practicing two effective methods of birth control (acceptable
             methods include intrauterine device, spermicide, barrier, male partner surgical
             sterilization, and hormonal contraception) during the study and through 30 days after
             completion of the study. Abstinence is not classified as an effective method of birth
             control.

          -  7. If female, must not be pregnant, plan to become pregnant, or nurse a child during
             the study and through 30 days after completion of the study. A pregnancy test must be
             negative at the Screening Visit, prior to dosing on Day 1.

          -  8. If male, must be surgically sterile or willing to practice two effective methods of
             birth control (acceptable methods include barrier, spermicide, or female partner
             surgical sterilization) during the study and through 30 days after completion of the
             study. Abstinence is not classified as an effective method of birth control.

          -  9. Must have the ability to understand and give informed consent.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  1. No documented infection with SARS-CoV-2

          -  2. Patients who are symptomatic and require oxygen (Ordinal Scale for Clinical
             Improvement score >3) at the time of screening

          -  3. Known history of chronic pulmonary disease (e.g., asthma [including atopic asthma,
             exercise-induced asthma, or asthma triggered by respiratory infection], chronic
             pulmonary disease, pulmonary fibrosis, COPD), pulmonary hypertension, or heart
             failure.

          -  4. Any condition which, in the opinion of the Principal Investigator, would prevent
             full participation in this trial or would interfere with the evaluation of the trial
             endpoints.

          -  5. Previous exposure to PUL-042 Inhalation Solution
      

NCT04280588

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  The patients who were diagnosed with the common type of NCP (including severe risk
             factors) and severe cases of new coronavirus pneumonia;

          -  Aged 18 to 85 years;

          -  Patients or authorized family members volunteered to participate in this study and
             signed informed consent.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients with any history of bradyarrhythmia or atrioventricular blocks

          -  Patients who are participating in other drug clinical trials;

          -  Pregnant or lactating women;

          -  ALT / AST> 5 ULN, neutrophils <0.5, platelets less than 50;

          -  Definite diagnosis of rheumatic immune-related diseases;

          -  Long-term oral anti-rejection or immunomodulatory drugs;

          -  Patients with active pulmonary tuberculosis, with definite bacterial and fungal
             infections.
      

NCT04321811

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  People who are feeling sick and have tested positive for COVID-19

          -  People who are feeling sick but have not tested positive for COVID-19

          -  People who are not feeling sick but want to participate

        Exclusion Criteria:

        • People who are unwilling or unable to provide informed consent
      

NCT04304313

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Patients diagnosed as COVID-19:

               1. mild patient: fever,respiratory and other symptoms, the manifestation of
                  pneumonia can be seen on imaging.

               2. severe patients: meet the definition of severe pneumonia(comply with any of the
                  followings): Shortness of breath,RR≥30 bpm;In a resting
                  state:SPO2≤93%;PaO2/FiO2≤300mmHg.

          2. Age≥18 years old,unlimited gender.

          3. Patients who cannot stop the following drugs during the trial:erythromycin or strong
             inhibitors of CYP3A4 (such as saquinavir,ketoconazole,itraconazole),nonspecific
             inhibitors of CYP (such as cimetidine),HIV protease inhibitors (such as ritonavir).

          4. Willing to participate in this study,signed Informed Consent and willing to
             participate in regular follow-up during the study.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Suffer from severe cognitive impairment or mental illness.

          2. Pregnant and lactating women.

          3. Patients taking nitric oxide drugs and nitrates in any dosage form.

          4. Patients with malignant tumors;AMI, stroke or life-threatening arrhythmias within 6
             months;hereditary pigmented retinitis;heart failure or unstable angina pectoris of
             coronary heart disease;patients with severe hypotension and hypertension.

          5. Patients who are allergic to the study drug or the researcher believes it is not
             appropriate.

          6. Participate in other clinical studies at the same time.
      

NCT04321421

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  age >=18 yrs

          -  positive for reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) severe acute
             respiratory syndrome (SARS)-CoV-2

          -  Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) moderate to severe, according to Berlin
             definition, lasting less than10 days

          -  Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) increased by 3.5 with respect to baseline or >18 mg/dl

          -  need for mechanical ventilation or continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP)

          -  signed informed consent unless unfeasible for the critical condition

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Moderate to severe ARDS lasting more than 10 days

          -  proven hypersensitivity or allergic reaction to hemoderivatives or immunoglobulins

          -  consent denied
      

NCT04316299

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  COVID-19 pneumonia patients diagnosed by WHO criteria

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients who were younger than 18 years,

          -  Patients who had undergone renal replacement therapy (RRT) before admission,

          -  Patients whose entire stay lasted for less than 48 hours.
      

NCT04315948

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Adult ≥18 years of age at time of enrolment.

          -  Has laboratory-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection as determined by PCR, or other
             commercial or public health assay in any specimen < 72 hours prior to randomization.

          -  Hospitalized patients with illness of any duration, and at least one of the following:

               -  Clinical assessment (evidence of rales/crackles on exam) AND SpO2 ≤ 94% on room
                  air, OR

               -  Acute respiratory failure requiring mechanical ventilation and/or supplemental
                  oxygen.

          -  Women of childbearing potential must agree to use contraception for the duration of
             the study. Acceptable birth methods control are listed in section 7.3

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Refusal to participate expressed by patient or legally authorized representative if
             they are present

          -  Spontaneous blood ALT/AST levels > 5 times the upper limit of normal.

          -  Stage 4 severe chronic kidney disease or requiring dialysis (i.e. eGFR < 30 mL/min)

          -  Pregnancy or breast-feeding.

          -  Anticipated transfer to another hospital, which is not a study site within 72 hours.

          -  Patients previously treated with one of the antivirals evaluated in the trial (i.e.
             remdesivir, interferon ß-1a, lopinavir/ritonavir, hydroxychloroquine) in the past 29
             days

          -  Contraindication to any study medication including allergy

          -  Use of medications that are contraindicated with lopinavir/ritonavir i.e. drugs whose
             metabolism is highly dependent on the isoform CYP3A with narrow therapeutic range
             (e.g. amiodarone, colchicine, simvastatine).

          -  Use of medications that are contraindicated with hydroxychloroquine: citalopram,
             escitalopram, hydroxyzine, domperidone, pipéraquine.

          -  Human immunodeficiency virus infection under highly active antiretroviral therapy
             (HAART).

          -  History of severe depression or attempted suicide or current suicidal ideation
      

NCT04288102

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Male or female, aged at 18 years (including) -75 years old

          2. Laboratory confirmation of SARS-CoV-2 infection by reverse-transcription polymerase
             chain reaction (RT-PCR) from any diagnostic sampling source

          3. Pneumonia that is judged by computed tomography

          4. In accordance with any one of the following : 1)dyspnea (RR ≥ 30 times / min),
             2)finger oxygen saturation ≤ 93% in resting state, 3)arterial oxygen partial pressure
             (PaO2) / oxygen absorption concentration (FiO2) ≤ 300MMHG, 4)pulmonary imaging shows
             that the focus progress > 50% in 24-48 hours

          5. Interstitial lung damage is judged by computed tomography.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Pregnancy, lactation and those who are not pregnant but do not take effective
             contraceptives measures;

          2. Patients with malignant tumor, other serious systemic diseases and psychosis;

          3. Patients who are participating in other clinical trials;

          4. Inability to provide informed consent or to comply with test requirements.

          5. Co-Infection of HIV, tuberculosis, influenza virus, adenovirus and other respiratory
             infection virus.

          6. Invasive ventilation

          7. Shock

          8. Combined with other organ failure( need organ support)

          9. Interstitial lung damage caused by other reasons ( in 2 weeks)

         10. The pulmonary imaging revealed the interstitial damage of lungs before the COVID-19
             confirmed.
      

NCT04313322

        Inclusion Criteria:

        COVID-19 positive according to diagnosis and clinical management of COVID-19 criteria.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Participants in other clinical trials

          -  patients with malignant tumors

          -  pregnant and lactating women

          -  co-infection with other infectious viruses or bacteria

          -  History of several allergies

          -  Patients with history of pulmonary embolism

          -  any liver or kidney diseases

          -  HIV positive patients

          -  Considered by researchers to be not suitable to participate in this clinical trial

          -  Chronic heart failure with ejection fraction less than 30%.
      

NCT04254874

        Inclusion Criteria:

        1)2019-nCoV nucleic acid test was positive. 2)CT of the lung conformed to the manifestation
        of viral pneumonia.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Patients who meet any of the contraindications in the experimental drug labeling

          2. Patients who do not want to participate in this clinical study
      

NCT04273763

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Aged between 18 and 80 years (Including 18and 80years, male or female).

          -  One of them:

               1. Laboratory (RT-PCR) and clinical symptoms confirmed case of novel coronavirus
                  pneumonia (COVID-19).

               2. Patients diagnosed clinically as suspected cases.

          -  Ability to communicate well with researchers and sign the informed consent Form (ICF)
             voluntarily.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  ALT≥5 times of ULN, level of total bilirubin≥3 times of ULN, or Cr≥1.5 times of ULN.

          -  Patients with serious severe liver disease.

          -  Excluded who diagnosed as pneumonia patients with novel coronavirus infection of
             severe type and critical type. 【Diagnostic criteria reference the official guideline
             "Pneumonia Diagnosis and Treatment Scheme for Novel Coronavirus Infection (Trial
             Version 5) "】.

          -  Patients with previous history of severe gastrointestinal diseases such as gastric
             ulcers and bleeding.

          -  Patients with lactose intolerance.

          -  Patients who are allergic to the components of this medicine (Major components:
             Bromhexine Hydrochloride; excipient: starch, lactose, magnesium stearate).

          -  Positive serum pregnancy test result for women with childbearing potential at
             screening or lactating women.

          -  Other circumstances that the researcher considers inappropriate to participate in this
             study.
      

NCT04255940

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients visiting emergency department.

        Exclusion Criteria:

        -
      

NCT04286503

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Subjects or their legal representatives have signed the informed consent form(ICF);
             agree not to participate in other clinical studies within 30 days after the last
             administration from the first administration of the study drug.

          2. Subjects are aged ≥ 18 and ≤ 75;

          3. Meet the diagnostic criteria for 2019-nCoV pneumonia (V5.0);

          4. SOFA score: 1 ~ 13 points.

          5. A retreated patient or the relapsed patient meets any of the following criteria:

               -  Have fever again or aggravated clinical symptoms; ② 2019nCOVRNA in the throat
                  swabs converts from negative to positive; ③ The clinical symptoms don't improve
                  or 2019nCOVRNA continues to be positive; ④ The chest CT shows pneumonia or
                  fibrosis progression.

        Clinical stratification:

          1. Mild type: clinical symptoms mild or asymptomatic, no pneumonia performance in CT, but
             positive 2019-nCoV in throat swabs or gargle.

          2. Ordinary type: fever, respiratory symptoms, etc., pneumonia performance visible in CT.

          3. Severe type: meeting any of the following criteria:

        (1) Respiratory distress, RR≥30 times/min; (2) Finger oxygen saturation ≤93% in rest state;
        (3) Arterial partial pressure of oxygen (PaO2)/concentration of oxygen inhalation
        (FiO2)≤300mmHg (1mmHg=0.133kPa).

        4. Critical type: meeting any of the following criteria:(1)Respiratory failure occurs and
        mechanical ventilation is required;(2)Patients go into shock;(3)ICU is needed for other
        organ failure.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Other viral pneumonia

          2. Patients who have received tumor immunotherapy (such as PD-1/L1, CTLA4, etc.) in the
             past 1 month, and inflammatory factor modulators such as Ulinastatin;

          3. Patients who have taken anti-bacterial drugs such as macrolide in the past 1 week;

          4. Patients who have received organ transplantation or surgery planning in the past 6
             months;

          5. Patients who can't take food or drugs due to coma or intestinal obstruction;

          6. Patients who have severe underlying diseases that affects survival, including
             uncontrolled malignant tumor with multiple metastases that cannot be resected, blood
             diseases, dyscrasia, active bleeding, severe malnutrition, etc.

          7. Women subjects that are pregnant or lactating, or subjects (including male subjects)
             having a pregnancy plan (including plans for sperm donation or egg donation), or
             subjects that may fail to take effective contraceptive measures within the next 6
             months;

          8. Patients with allergic constitution, or patients allergic to macrolides and
             lopinavir/ritonavir tablets;

          9. Patients with contraindications to lopinavir/ritonavir tablets who plan or are using
             drugs that interact with the drug (including: drugs that are highly dependent on CYP3A
             clearance and whose elevated plasma concentrations can be associated with severe
             and/or life-threatening events [with a narrow therapeutic index], CYP3A inducer [see
             instruction for details]) and cannot stop using or use other drugs instead;

         10. Patients whose ALT/AST levels are 5 times higher than the normal upper limit and total
             bilirubin is 3 times higher than the upper limit of normal, or patients with
             child-Pugh grade C cirrhosis.

         11. ECLS (ECMO, ECCO2R, RRT)

         12. Critical patients with expected life＜48 hours

         13. Patients who have participated in any other clinical study within 1 month;

         14. The investigators conclude that the patients not suitable for the study.
      

NCT04316884

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Admitted to intensive care

          -  suspected or verified COVID-19

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Pregnancy or breastfeeding

          -  Preexisting end-stage kidney failure or dialysis

          -  Under-age
      

NCT04255017

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. 2019-nCoV nucleic acid test was positive.

          2. CT of the lung conformed to the manifestation of viral pneumonia.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Patients who meet any of the contraindications in the experimental drug labeling

          2. Patients who do not want to participate in this clinical study
      

NCT04318301

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  COVID-19 pneumonia patients diagnosed by WHO criteria

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients who were younger than 18 years.

          -  Patients whose entire stay lasted for less than 48 hours.
      

NCT04306705

        Inclusion Criteria:

          1. Agrees to the collection of oropharyngeal or anal swabs and venous blood per protocol.

          2. Male or non-pregnant female adult ≥18 years of age at time of enrollment.

          3. Has laboratory-confirmed novel coronavirus infection as determined by polymerase chain
             reaction (PCR), or other commercial or public health assay in oropharyngeal or anal
             specimen within 72 hours prior to hospitalization.

          4. Illness of any duration, and at least one of the following:

               1. Radiographic infiltrates by imaging (chest x-ray, CT scan, etc.), OR

               2. Clinical assessment (evidence of rales/crackles on physical examination) AND SpO2
                  ≤93% on room air, OR

               3. Requiring mechanical ventilation and/or supplemental oxygen, OR

               4. Sustained fever in the past 24 hours and unresponsive to NSAID or steroid

          5. Serum IL-6 ≥3 times the upper limit of normal

        Exclusion Criteria:

          1. Alanine transaminase/aspartate transaminase (ALT/AST) > 5 times the upper limit of
             normal.

          2. Stage 4 severe chronic kidney disease or requiring dialysis (i.e. estimated glomerular
             filtration rate (eGFR) < 30 ml /min/1.73 m^2)

          3. Hemoglobin<80 g/L

          4. Leukocytes<2.0×10^9

          5. Platelets<50×10^9

          6. Pregnancy or breast feeding.

          7. Anticipated transfer to another hospital which is not a study site within 72 hours.

          8. Expected life span does not exceed 7 days.

          9. Allergy to any study medication.
      

NCT04316728

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  Adults healthcare workers (HCW) OR

          -  Chronic patients with at least 2 chronic medical conditions

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  People that have been in contact with people positive for COVID-19 in the previous 14
             days

          -  People with body temperature >37.5°C

          -  People with Dry cough

          -  People with Respiratory distress (Respiratory Rate >25/min or O2 Saturation <92%)
      

NCT04285801

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  admission to ICU

          -  adult (≥18 years old)

          -  confirmed case of 2019-nCov infection by 2019-nCov RNA by reverse transcription
             polymerase chain reaction , isolation in cell culture of 2019-nCov from a clinical
             specimen or serum antibody to 2019-nCov

        Exclusion Criteria:

        - none
      

NCT04318314

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  healthy asymptomatic healthcare workers attending hospital (place of work)

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  SARS-CoV-2 positive or symptomatic healthcare workers
      

NCT04288713

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  COVID-19 positive patients over the age of 18.

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  Patients who are currently intubated.
      

NCT04311697

        Inclusion Criteria:

          -  ARDS associated with COVID-19 infection

          -  Medical necessity for endotracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation

          -  Physician determination that patient is on maximal conventional medical therapy

        Exclusion Criteria:

          -  existing evidence of end-organ (renal, cardiac, hepatic, gastrointestinal failure)
      


